    "para": "As a high school dropout myself and now a mother of six, one child being a recent high school graduate, one just entering high school, and another soon to enter high school in a year with three others trailing behind, I often find myself reflecting on my high school years. Why was I so unmotivated to finish high school? What made me want to go back to school? The question it all comes down to is, what can be done to prevent high school students from losing motivation, detouring them from dropping out and not becoming just another statistic?"
    "para": "A strategy that nursing should use to help in the effort to reduce health care cost inflation is quality improvement in the form of prevention. This prevention onus is on every nurse for eliminating all potential for injury due to medication errors. A truly comprehensive improvement program for medication error prevention can also reduce the risk of malpractice (Becher, 2001). Evidence is clear, as seen in integrated care delivery systems, that reducing medication error injuries has dramatically affected quality outcomes."
    "para": " I plan to be an effective and ethical communicator by further educating myself in this area and practicing verbal, nonverbal, and active listening skills that I learned in the communication course."
    "para": "this is a simple paragraph that is meant to be nice and easy to type which is why there will be mommas no periods or any capital letters so i guess this means that it cannot really be considered a paragraph but just a series of run on sentences this should help you get faster at typing as im trying not to use too many difficult words in it although i think that i might start making it hard by including some more difficult letters I'm typing pretty quickly so forgive me for any mistakes. "
    "para": "Global warming is a gradual process of heating of earth surface and whole environment including oceans, ice caps, etc. The global rise in atmospheric temperature has been clearly noticed in the recent years. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, in the past century there is increase in the earth's surface average temperature by around 1.4 degree Fahrenheit (means 0.8 degrees Celsius). It has also been estimated that global temperature may increase by another 2 to 11.5 degrees F in the next century."
    "para": "According to the statistics, it has been estimated that the size of ozone hole has been twice the size of Antarctica (more than 25 million km2) by 2000. There is no any clear trend of ozone layer declination in the winter or summer seasons."
    "para": "Such green house gases get collected to the atmosphere and disturb the radiative balance of atmosphere. They have capability to absorb heat radiations and cause warming of the earth surface. Another cause of global warming is ozone depletion means declination of ozone layer over Antarctica."
    "para": "Presence of various aerosols in the atmosphere is also causing earth surface temperature to increase. Atmospheric aerosols are fully capable to scatter (causes cooling to the planet) and absorb (makes air warm) the solar and infrared radiations. They are also capable to change the microphysical and chemical properties of the clouds and possibly their lifetime and extent. The increasing amount of aerosols in the atmosphere is because of human contribution."
    "para": "It is a common belief on some specialists that by commencing learning an exotic language at early stage of their lives can people recieve numerous benefits. Particularly, they recommend people to start at primary school because it is better than secondary school. In this essay, I would deliver my own perspective in the conclusion after discussing the issue. On the one hand, the adverse aspect of originating a foreign language at the stage of primary school is still in existence."
    "para": "However, as learning a second language offers massive opportunities as well as benefits, more consideration must be taken place. Learning new languages at early stage can be beneficial. It is evidently proved that even newborns growing in multi-language environment can master more than one language at a time."
    "para": "As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster"
    "para": "In this country, you gotta make the money first. Then when you get the money, you get the power. Then when you get the power, then you get the woman"
    "para": "Listen to me Anthony I got your head in a fuckin' vise I'll squash your head like a fuckin' grapefruit if you don't give me a name"
    "para": "It's not personal, Sonny. It's strictly business"
    "para": "I did a good thing for a bad man: I don't understand that. Not at 9 years years old. All I knew was, a rat was the lowest thing anyone could be in my neighborhood. And I didn't rat."
    "para": "Let me explain something to you. Um, I am not “Mr. Lebowski”. You're Mr. Lebowski. I'm the Dude. So that's what you call me. You know, that or, uh, His Dudeness, or uh, Duder, or El Duderino if you're not into the whole brevity thing"
    "para": "Ladies and gentleman, this is your stewardess speaking. We regret any inconvenience the sudden cabin movement might have caused. This is due to periodic air pockets we encountered. There's no reason to be alarmed and we hope you enjoy the rest of your flight. By the way, is there anyone on board who knows how to fly a plane?"
    "para": "I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty headed animal food trough wiper. I fart in your general direction. Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries"
    "para": "We shouldn't get married… we have nothing in common. You love horses. I don't trust them. Their shoes are permanent. Who makes that kind of a commitment to a shoe?"
    "para": "Oh, right! To call you stupid would be an insult to stupid people! I've known sheep that could outwit you. I've worn dresses with higher IQs. But you think you're an intellectual, don't you, ape?"
    "para": "Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration."
    "para": "You can observe a lot just by watching."
    "para": "A house divided against itself cannot stand."
    "para": "Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal."
    "para": "Fate is in your hands and no one elses"
    "para": "Be the chief but never the lord."
    "para": "Nothing happens unless first we dream."
    "para": "Well begun is half done."
    "para": "Life is a learning experience, only if you learn."
    "para": "Self-complacency is fatal to progress."
    "para": "Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without."
    "para": "What you give is what you get."
    "para": "We can only learn to love by loving."
    "para": "Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely."
    "para": "You'll see it when you believe it."
    "para": "Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday."
    "para": "It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper."
    "para": "Every man dies. Not every man really lives."
    "para": "To lead people walk behind them."
    "para": "Having nothing, nothing can he lose."
    "para": "Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes."
    "para": "A rolling stone gathers no moss."
    "para": "Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes."
    "para": "Everything in life is luck."
    "para": "Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing."
    "para": "Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do."
    "para": "Study the past, if you would divine the future."
    "para": "The day is already blessed, find peace within it."
    "para": "From error to error one discovers the entire truth."
    "para": "Well done is better than well said."
    "para": "Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it."
    "para": "Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others."
    "para": "One today is worth two tomorrows."
    "para": "Once you choose hope, anythings possible."
    "para": "God always takes the simplest way."
    "para": "One fails forward toward success."
    "para": "From small beginnings come great things."
    "para": "Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere"
    "para": "Be as you wish to seem."
    "para": "The world is always in movement."
    "para": "Never mistake activity for achievement."
    "para": "What worries you masters you."
    "para": "One faces the future with ones past."
    "para": "Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement."
    "para": "Who sows virtue reaps honour."
    "para": "Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible."
    "para": "Talk doesn't cook rice."
    "para": "He is able who thinks he is able."
    "para": "A goal without a plan is just a wish."
    "para": "To succeed, we must first believe that we can."
    "para": "Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow."
    "para": "A weed is no more than a flower in disguise."
    "para": "Do, or do not. There is no try."
    "para": "All serious daring starts from within."
    "para": "The best teacher is experience learned from failures."
    "para": "Think how hard physics would be if particles could think."
    "para": "Love is the flower you've got to let grow."
    "para": "Don't wait. The time will never be just right."
    "para": "Time is the wisest counsellor of all."
    "para": "You give before you get."
    "para": "Wisdom begins in wonder."
    "para": "Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit."
    "para": "Change in all things is sweet."
    "para": "What you fear is that which requires action to overcome."
    "para": "When performance exceeds ambition, the overlap is called success."
    "para": "When deeds speak, words are nothing."
    "para": "Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others."
    "para": "I never think of the future. It comes soon enough."
    "para": "Skill to do comes of doing."
    "para": "Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness."
    "para": "I believe that every person is born with talent."
    "para": "Important principles may, and must, be inflexible."
    "para": "The undertaking of a new action brings new strength."
    "para": "The years teach much which the days never know."
    "para": "Our distrust is very expensive."
    "para": "All know the way; few actually walk it."
    "para": "Great talent finds happiness in execution."
    "para": "Faith in oneself is the best and safest course."
    "para": "Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm."
    "para": "The two most powerful warriors are patience and time."
    "para": "Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy."
    "para": "Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace."
    "para": "A short saying often contains much wisdom."
    "para": "It takes both sunshine and rain to make a rainbow."
    "para": "A beautiful thing is never perfect."
    "para": "Only do what your heart tells you."
    "para": "Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!"
    "para": "No one can make you feel inferior without your consent."
    "para": "Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours."
    "para": "Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity."
    "para": "Victory belongs to the most persevering."
    "para": "Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none."
    "para": "In order to win, you must expect to win."
    "para": "A goal is a dream with a deadline."
    "para": "You can do it if you believe you can!"
    "para": "Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there."
    "para": "Every new day is another chance to change your life."
    "para": "Smile, breathe, and go slowly."
    "para": "Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself."
    "para": "Do more than dream: work."
    "para": "No man was ever wise by chance."
    "para": "Some pursue happiness, others create it."
    "para": "He that is giddy thinks the world turns round."
    "para": "Don't ruin the present with the ruined past."
    "para": "Do something wonderful, people may imitate it."
    "para": "We do what we do because we believe."
    "para": "Do one thing every day that scares you."
    "para": "If you cannot be silent be brilliant and thoughtful."
    "para": "Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes."
    "para": "What we think, we become."
    "para": "The shortest answer is doing."
    "para": "All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions."
    "para": "The harder you fall, the higher you bounce."
    "para": "Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster."
    "para": "Truth is powerful and it prevails."
    "para": "Light tomorrow with today!"
    "para": "Silence is a fence around wisdom."
    "para": "Society develops wit, but its contemplation alone forms genius."
    "para": "The simplest things are often the truest."
    "para": "Everyone smiles in the same language."
    "para": "Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win."
    "para": "No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility."
    "para": "If you can dream it, you can do it."
    "para": "It is better to travel well than to arrive."
    "para": "Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage."
    "para": "You have to believe in yourself."
    "para": "Our intention creates our reality."
    "para": "Silence is a true friend who never betrays."
    "para": "Character develops itself in the stream of life."
    "para": "From little acorns mighty oaks do grow."
    "para": "You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf."
    "para": "Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it."
    "para": "Speak low, if you speak love."
    "para": "A really great talent finds its happiness in execution."
    "para": "Reality leaves a lot to the imagination."
    "para": "The greatest remedy for anger is delay."
    "para": "Growth itself contains the germ of happiness."
    "para": "You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible."
    "para": "Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence."
    "para": "Wherever you go, go with all your heart."
    "para": "The only real valuable thing is intuition."
    "para": "Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose."
    "para": "Rainbows apologize for angry skies."
    "para": "Friendship isn't a big thing. It's a million little things."
    "para": "Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend."
    "para": "Whatever happens, take responsibility."
    "para": "Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes."
    "para": "I think and that is all that I am."
    "para": "A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow."
    "para": "If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?"
    "para": "Each day provides its own gifts."
    "para": "While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity."
    "para": "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself."
    "para": "To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there."
    "para": "Begin to weave and God will give you the thread."
    "para": "The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself."
    "para": "Someone remembers, someone cares; your name is whispered in someone's prayers."
    "para": "Without faith, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible."
    "para": "Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them."
    "para": "Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams."
    "para": "Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy."
    "para": "Everything you can imagine is real."
    "para": "Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop."
    "para": "The truest wisdom is a resolute determination."
    "para": "Life is the flower for which love is the honey."
    "para": "Freedom is the right to live as we wish."
    "para": "Change your thoughts, change your life!"
    "para": "Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough."
    "para": "Loss is nothing else but change,and change is Natures delight."
    "para": "Someone is special only if you tell them."
    "para": "Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday."
    "para": "There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way."
    "para": "The day always looks brighter from behind a smile."
    "para": "A stumble may prevent a fall."
    "para": "He who talks more is sooner exhausted."
    "para": "He who is contented is rich."
    "para": "What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality."
    "para": "Our strength grows out of our weaknesses."
    "para": "We must become the change we want to see."
    "para": "Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing."
    "para": "Put your future in good hands : your own."
    "para": "We choose our destiny in the way we treat others."
    "para": "No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible."
    "para": "Fortune favours the brave."
    "para": "I believe in one thing only, the power of human will."
    "para": "The best way out is always through."
    "para": "The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned."
    "para": "I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends."
    "para": "No garden is without its weeds."
    "para": "There is no failure except in no longer trying."
    "para": "Kind words will unlock an iron door."
    "para": "Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them."
    "para": "Life is just a chance to grow a soul."
    "para": "Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths."
    "para": "May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers."
    "para": "Fortune befriends the bold."
    "para": "Keep true to the dreams of thy youth."
    "para": "You're never a loser until you quit trying."
    "para": "Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life."
    "para": "Knowing is not enough; we must apply!"
    "para": "Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger."
    "para": "Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower."
    "para": "If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it."
    "para": "Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow."
    "para": "Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser."
    "para": "Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working."
    "para": "Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win."
    "para": "Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got."
    "para": "A short saying oft contains much wisdom."
    "para": "Difficulties are things that show a person what they are."
    "para": "When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt."
    "para": "The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all."
    "para": "A prudent question is one half of wisdom."
    "para": "The path to success is to take massive, determined action."
    "para": "I allow my intuition to lead my path."
    "para": "Nature takes away any faculty that is not used."
    "para": "If you wish to be a writer, write."
    "para": "There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way."
    "para": "Either you run the day or the day runs you."
    "para": "Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it."
    "para": "Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself."
    "para": "There never was a good knife made of bad steel."
    "para": "To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act."
    "para": "Patience is the companion of wisdom."
    "para": "The mind is everything. What you think you become."
    "para": "To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly."
    "para": "To fly, we have to have resistance."
    "para": "What you see depends on what you're looking for."
    "para": "The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of."
    "para": "Be great in act, as you have been in thought."
    "para": "Imagination rules the world."
    "para": "Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much."
    "para": "There is no greater harm than that of time wasted."
    "para": "Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next."
    "para": "Worry gives a small thing a big shadow."
    "para": "Fears are nothing more than a state of mind."
    "para": "The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step."
    "para": "Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things."
    "para": "Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished."
    "para": "Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened."
    "para": "No is easier to do. Yes is easier to say."
    "para": "To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it."
    "para": "Yesterdays home runs don't win today's games."
    "para": "Silence is deep as Eternity, Speech is shallow as Time."
    "para": "Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade."
    "para": "An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox"
    "para": "You can't shake hands with a clenched fist."
    "para": "A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers."
    "para": "The cautious seldom err."
    "para": "If there is no struggle, there is no progress."
    "para": "Where there is great love, there are always miracles."
    "para": "Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted."
    "para": "Every problem has a gift for you in its hands."
    "para": "Sadness flies away on the wings of time."
    "para": "I have often regretted my speech, never my silence."
    "para": "Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today."
    "para": "Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open."
    "para": "If a man does his best, what else is there?"
    "para": "The secret of success is constancy to purpose."
    "para": "Life is a progress, and not a station."
    "para": "All seasons are beautiful for the person who carries happiness within."
    "para": "To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing."
    "para": "All things change; nothing perishes."
    "para": "Absence makes the heart grow fonder."
    "para": "Imagination is the highest kite one can fly."
    "para": "The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand."
    "para": "Love doesn't make the world go round, love is what makes the ride worthwhile."
    "para": "Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth."
    "para": "Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees."
    "para": "I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential."
    "para": "The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators."
    "para": "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams."
    "para": "To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did."
    "para": "Be thankful when you don't know something for it gives you the opportunity to learn."
    "para": "Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will."
    "para": "Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck."
    "para": "To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you."
    "para": "In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength."
    "para": "By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it."
    "para": "Letting go isn't the end of the world; it's the beginning of a new life."
    "para": "All the great performers I have worked with are fuelled by a personal dream."
    "para": "One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries."
    "para": "I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done."
    "para": "Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life."
    "para": "If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else."
    "para": "It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn."
    "para": "The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp."
    "para": "Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people."
    "para": "Practice yourself, for heavens sake in little things, and then proceed to greater."
    "para": "If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable."
    "para": "Our greatest glory is not in never failing but rising everytime we fall."
    "para": "Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day."
    "para": "To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have."
    "para": "If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves."
    "para": "Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood."
    "para": "Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers."
    "para": "Love is not blind; it simply enables one to see things others fail to see."
    "para": "Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process."
    "para": "I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision."
    "para": "We learn what we have said from those who listen to our speaking."
    "para": "A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle."
    "para": "If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through."
    "para": "The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live."
    "para": "The worst bankrupt in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm."
    "para": "Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others."
    "para": "Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one."
    "para": "Everything is perfect in the universe, even your desire to improve it."
    "para": "The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper."
    "para": "Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life."
    "para": "A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes."
    "para": "Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action."
    "para": "I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process."
    "para": "What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others."
    "para": "Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all."
    "para": "If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path."
    "para": "I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs."
    "para": "Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure."
    "para": "Give thanks for the rain of life that propels us to reach new horizons."
    "para": "Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning."
    "para": "We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different."
    "para": "The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings."
    "para": "It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen."
    "para": "If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude."
    "para": "Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher."
    "para": "The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page."
    "para": "So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being."
    "para": "I'm not afraid of storms, for Im learning how to sail my ship."
    "para": "Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too."
    "para": "How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives."
    "para": "It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them."
    "para": "The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness."
    "para": "Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice."
    "para": "Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure."
    "para": "If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right."
    "para": "Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all."
    "para": "Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself."
    "para": "The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it."
    "para": "You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life."
    "para": "Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you."
    "para": "Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts."
    "para": "I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific."
    "para": "Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun."
    "para": "Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification."
    "para": "Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving."
    "para": "We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit."
    "para": "Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work."
    "para": "Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations."
    "para": "In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply."
    "para": "If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place."
    "para": "The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going."
    "para": "When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve."
    "para": "Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish."
    "para": "I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better."
    "para": "Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are."
    "para": "Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye."
    "para": "One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity."
    "para": "We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once."
    "para": "You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was."
    "para": "Invent your world. Surround yourself with people, color, sounds, and work that nourish you."
    "para": "It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it."
    "para": "Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are."
    "para": "There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly."
    "para": "Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness."
    "para": "Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible."
    "para": "The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress."
    "para": "If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done."
    "para": "The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart."
    "para": "Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be"
    "para": "Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth."
    "para": "More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength."
    "para": "Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available."
    "para": "A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything."
    "para": "You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection."
    "para": "It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living."
    "para": "Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is."
    "para": "Wicked people are always surprised to find ability in those that are good."
    "para": "Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation."
    "para": "If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change."
    "para": "No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like."
    "para": "You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger."
    "para": "Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant."
    "para": "They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself."
    "para": "Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth."
    "para": "The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new."
    "para": "Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant."
    "para": "If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine."
    "para": "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today."
    "para": "Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity."
    "para": "Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars."
    "para": "It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop."
    "para": "Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day."
    "para": "Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be."
    "para": "If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence."
    "para": "Some people think it's holding that makes one strong, sometimes it's letting go."
    "para": "It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success."
    "para": "Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort."
    "para": "To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous."
    "para": "Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood."
    "para": "Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change."
    "para": "You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back."
    "para": "If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way."
    "para": "If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think."
    "para": "Transformation doesn't take place with a vacuum; instead, it occurs when we are indirectly and directly connected to all those around us."
    "para": "The only difference between your abilities and others is the ability to put yourself in their shoes and actually try."
    "para": "The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought."
    "para": "Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world."
    "para": "A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing."
    "para": "The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own."
    "para": "Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could."
    "para": "By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm."
    "para": "We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly."
    "para": "What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."
    "para": "There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings."
    "para": "A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success."
    "para": "There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it."
    "para": "I will not be concerned at other men is not knowing me;I will be concerned at my own want of ability."
    "para": "Why worry about things you can't control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?"
    "para": "When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you."
    "para": "Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them."
    "para": "Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be."
    "para": "Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you."
    "para": "It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye."
    "para": "Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom."
    "para": "Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens."
    "para": "The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives."
    "para": "No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto."
    "para": "The reason most goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first."
    "para": "If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader."
    "para": "I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it."
    "para": "Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good."
    "para": "The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it."
    "para": "Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know."
    "para": "Your destiny isn't just fate; it is how you use your own developed abilities to get what you want."
    "para": "Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind."
    "para": "A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value."
    "para": "Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars."
    "para": "You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there."
    "para": "You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions."
    "para": "Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more"
    "para": "You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one."
    "para": "I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars."
    "para": "Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt."
    "para": "By nature man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears."
    "para": "Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it."
    "para": "The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for."
    "para": "The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts."
    "para": "It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward."
    "para": "If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace."
    "para": "There is only one success, to be able to spend your life in your own way."
    "para": "Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible."
    "para": "Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts."
    "para": "There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self."
    "para": "You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day."
    "para": "Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough."
    "para": "Deep listening is miraculous for both listener and speaker.When someone receives us with open-hearted, non-judging, intensely interested listening, our spirits expand."
    "para": "You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough."
    "para": "Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven."
    "para": "All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable."
    "para": "Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life."
    "para": "You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present."
    "para": "All our talents increase in the using, and the every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise."
    "para": "In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice."
    "para": "The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all."
    "para": "Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings."
    "para": "Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity"
    "para": "Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness."
    "para": "We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice."
    "para": "We see things not as they are, but as we are. Our perception is shaped by our previous experiences."
    "para": "True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment."
    "para": "All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason."
    "para": "The thought manifests as the word. The word manifests as the deed. The deed develops into habit. And the habit hardens into character."
    "para": "As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in."
    "para": "Patience is a virtue but you will never ever accomplish anything if you don't exercise action over patience."
    "para": "Any of us can achieve virtue, if by virtue we merely mean the avoidance of the vices that do not attract us."
    "para": "If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him."
    "para": "Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game."
    "para": "Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world."
    "para": "Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away."
    "para": "A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer."
    "para": "Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world."
    "para": "One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time."
    "para": "What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be."
    "para": "Genuine love should first be directed at oneself. if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?"
    "para": "Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it."
    "para": "Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind."
    "para": "Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself."
    "para": "Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest."
    "para": "People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not."
    "para": "We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life."
    "para": "The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery."
    "para": "Everything that happens happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so."
    "para": "What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds."
    "para": "In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves."
    "para": "It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little, do what you can."
    "para": "When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself."
    "para": "Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway."
    "para": "Those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try nothing and succeed."
    "para": "Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together."
    "para": "The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want."
    "para": "Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you."
    "para": "Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him."
    "para": "A good teacher is like a candle, it consumes itself to light the way for others."
    "para": "The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself."
    "para": "Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath."
    "para": "The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition."
    "para": "Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others."
    "para": "If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives."
    "para": "What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us."
    "para": "With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world."
    "para": "There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered."
    "para": "Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will."
    "para": "It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it."
    "para": "Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart."
    "para": "We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same."
    "para": "Many people think of prosperity that concerns money only to forget that true prosperity is of the mind."
    "para": "To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself."
    "para": "Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind."
    "para": "It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own."
    "para": "Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind."
    "para": "Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it."
    "para": "Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!"
    "para": "Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing."
    "para": "Silences make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying but the never needing to say is what counts."
    "para": "The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work."
    "para": "If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own."
    "para": "Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish."
    "para": "I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted."
    "para": "We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it."
    "para": "The real measure of your wealth is how much youd be worth if you lost all your money."
    "para": "To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear."
    "para": "Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against."
    "para": "I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times."
    "para": "Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day."
    "para": "The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself."
    "para": "At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want."
    "para": "How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress."
    "para": "Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together."
    "para": "Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living."
    "para": "Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning."
    "para": "Sadness may be part of life but there is no need to let it dominate your entire life."
    "para": "Keeping a little ahead of conditions is one of the secrets of business, the trailer seldom goes far."
    "para": "Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak."
    "para": "Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change."
    "para": "You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past."
    "para": "You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be."
    "para": "Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements."
    "para": "Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements."
    "para": "To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life."
    "para": "The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it."
    "para": "Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick."
    "para": "I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind."
    "para": "Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending."
    "para": "Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind."
    "para": "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world."
    "para": "A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are."
    "para": "It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them."
    "para": "He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today."
    "para": "Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe."
    "para": "One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life."
    "para": "We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us."
    "para": "Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?"
    "para": "To give hope to someone occurs when you teach them how to use the tools to do it for themselves."
    "para": "Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done."
    "para": "The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that."
    "para": "If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore."
    "para": "There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought."
    "para": "I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel."
    "para": "I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe."
    "para": "When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps."
    "para": "Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more."
    "para": "Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime, and too sleepy to worry at night."
    "para": "He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law."
    "para": "These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future."
    "para": "One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes."
    "para": "People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because theyre not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost."
    "para": "The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases."
    "para": "There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting."
    "para": "Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking."
    "para": "Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go."
    "para": "Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being."
    "para": "The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers."
    "para": "If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results."
    "para": "I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder."
    "para": "There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them."
    "para": "All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small."
    "para": "You can be what you want to be. You have the power within and we will help you always."
    "para": "To speak gratitude is courteous and pleasant, to enact gratitude is generous and noble, but to live gratitude is to touch Heaven."
    "para": "Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk."
    "para": "The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident."
    "para": "When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world."
    "para": "Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen."
    "para": "The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart."
    "para": "To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance."
    "para": "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up."
    "para": "When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves."
    "para": "If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome."
    "para": "A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve."
    "para": "I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others."
    "para": "He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has."
    "para": "I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it."
    "para": "If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress."
    "para": "The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning."
    "para": "Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it."
    "para": "Give it all you've got because you never know if there's going to be a next time."
    "para": "You have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it."
    "para": "Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings."
    "para": "Im not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine."
    "para": "Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy."
    "para": "I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything hes got."
    "para": "The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be."
    "para": "The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back."
    "para": "The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for."
    "para": "By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future."
    "para": "Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better."
    "para": "Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail."
    "para": "There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world."
    "para": "Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times."
    "para": "Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present."
    "para": "The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard."
    "para": "The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own."
    "para": "You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new."
    "para": "To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves, there lies the great, singular power of self-respect."
    "para": "It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement."
    "para": "When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument. Everything is debatable. But when you stand for something, decisions are obvious."
    "para": "Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer."
    "para": "The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen."
    "para": "A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring."
    "para": "There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will."
    "para": "Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary."
    "para": "Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness you'll never get back."
    "para": "This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it."
    "para": "Every great mistake has a halfway moment, a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied."
    "para": "You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action."
    "para": "The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions."
    "para": "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has."
    "para": "Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish."
    "para": "You get peace of mind not by thinking about it or imagining it, but by quietening and relaxing the restless mind."
    "para": "Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years."
    "para": "When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless."
    "para": "If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were."
    "para": "Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how to do it, and Virtue is doing it."
    "para": "Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!"
    "para": "No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now."
    "para": "The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly, that is what each of us is here for."
    "para": "To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe."
    "para": "The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary."
    "para": "If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away."
    "para": "If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking."
    "para": "Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one."
    "para": "There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept responsibility for changing them."
    "para": "If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonourable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible."
    "para": "Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose."
    "para": "We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world."
    "para": "If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it."
    "para": "The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it."
    "para": "Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you."
    "para": "Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed."
    "para": "Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life, for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them."
    "para": "If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow."
    "para": "When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run."
    "para": "Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to."
    "para": "Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?"
    "para": "The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream."
    "para": "The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but reveal to them their own."
    "para": "Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment."
    "para": "Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it."
    "para": "Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight."
    "para": "Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future."
    "para": "You have power over your mind, not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength."
    "para": "Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity."
    "para": "We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world."
    "para": "He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce."
    "para": "I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside."
    "para": "What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people."
    "para": "When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger."
    "para": "Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart."
    "para": "Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in."
    "para": "With realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world."
    "para": "Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort."
    "para": "You cannot make yourself feel something you do not feel, but you can make yourself do right in spite of your feelings."
    "para": "Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel."
    "para": "Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value."
    "para": "Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till some one dash it from them."
    "para": "It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well."
    "para": "Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life."
    "para": "Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do."
    "para": "I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination."
    "para": "People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to."
    "para": "A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool."
    "para": "Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyse you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are."
    "para": "The greatest way to live with honour in this world is to be what we pretend to be."
    "para": "To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly."
    "para": "Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value."
    "para": "You can't create in a vacuum. Life gives you the material and dreams can propel new beginnings."
    "para": "Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it."
    "para": "The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life."
    "para": "Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them."
    "para": "A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her."
    "para": "All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become."
    "para": "Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you."
    "para": "How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world."
    "para": "Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit."
    "para": "It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped."
    "para": "An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block."
    "para": "The pain passes, but the beauty remains."
    "para": "All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!"
    "para": "Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work."
    "para": "Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself."
    "para": "I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures."
    "para": "You won't skid if you stay in a rut."
    "para": "You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith."
    "para": "Happiness depends upon ourselves."
    "para": "Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him."
    "para": "If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities."
    "para": "Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations."
    "para": "When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you."
    "para": "Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions."
    "para": "Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with."
    "para": "No one has ever become poor by giving."
    "para": "Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies."
    "para": "All is flux; nothing stays still."
    "para": "He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind."
    "para": "He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe."
    "para": "Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away."
    "para": "When the solution is simple, God is answering."
    "para": "All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea."
    "para": "Do not turn back when you are just at the goal."
    "para": "You can't trust without risk but neither can you live in a cocoon."
    "para": "All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention."
    "para": "Error is discipline through which we advance."
    "para": "The truth is always exciting. Speak it, then. Life is dull without it."
    "para": "The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions."
    "para": "The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us."
    "para": "Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched."
    "para": "I've never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful."
    "para": "In all things of nature there is something of the marvellous."
    "para": "The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it."
    "para": "Memory is the mother of all wisdom."
    "para": "Silence is the true friend that never betrays."
    "para": "You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself."
    "para": "Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship."
    "para": "God has given you one face, and you make yourself another."
    "para": "To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it."
    "para": "Kindness is the greatest wisdom."
    "para": "Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve."
    "para": "Don't miss all the beautiful colors of the rainbow looking for that pot of gold."
    "para": "Your big opportunity may be right where you are now."
    "para": "People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it."
    "para": "The day you decide to do it is your lucky day."
    "para": "We must not say every mistake is a foolish one."
    "para": "Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory."
    "para": "It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot."
    "para": "You don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there."
    "para": "Never be afraid to try, remember... Amateurs built the ark, Professionals built the Titanic."
    "para": "Correction does much, but encouragement does more."
    "para": "Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly."
    "para": "The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams."
    "para": "Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it."
    "para": "To want to be what one can be is purpose in life."
    "para": "Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck."
    "para": "History will be kind to me for I intend to write it."
    "para": "Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made."
    "para": "Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it."
    "para": "Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon."
    "para": "You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler."
    "para": "Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention."
    "para": "Always be smarter than the people who hire you."
    "para": "Formula for success: under promise and over deliver."
    "para": "The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend."
    "para": "People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile."
    "para": "The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be."
    "para": "Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action."
    "para": "Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore."
    "para": "Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves."
    "para": "Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?"
    "para": "Ignorance never settle a question."
    "para": "The awareness of our own strength makes us modest."
    "para": "They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom."
    "para": "There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them."
    "para": "Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you."
    "para": "Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light."
    "para": "The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet."
    "para": "Do not expect the world to look bright, if you habitually wear gray-brown glasses."
    "para": "As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big."
    "para": "Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live."
    "para": "He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much."
    "para": "Myths which are believed in tend to become true."
    "para": "The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground."
    "para": "Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance."
    "para": "It is never too late to be what you might have been."
    "para": "The beginning is always today."
    "para": "In the long run we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving."
    "para": "Self-trust is the first secret of success."
    "para": "Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you."
    "para": "Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too."
    "para": "A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing."
    "para": "Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them."
    "para": "Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world."
    "para": "Happiness is a Swedish sunset, it is there for all, but most of us look the other way and lose it."
    "para": "A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home."
    "para": "Look forward to spring as a time when you can start to see what nature has to offer once again."
    "para": "Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone elses."
    "para": "The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble."
    "para": "I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it."
    "para": "Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration."
    "para": "You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world."
    "para": "Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures."
    "para": "If you take each challenge one step at a time, with faith in every footstep, your strength and understanding will increase."
    "para": "Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude."
    "para": "Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength."
    "para": "When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness."
    "para": "Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do."
    "para": "Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action."
    "para": "Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are."
    "para": "There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people."
    "para": "Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself."
    "para": "It is not the mistake that has the most power, instead, it is learning from the mistake to advance your own attributes."
    "para": "The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart."
    "para": "Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens."
    "para": "Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present."
    "para": "The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives."
    "para": "Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing."
    "para": "Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love."
    "para": "A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn."
    "para": "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit."
    "para": "Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down."
    "para": "In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer."
    "para": "Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike."
    "para": "A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience."
    "para": "I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody."
    "para": "One who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; one who does not ask a question remains a fool forever."
    "para": "The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days."
    "para": "The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time."
    "para": "We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak."
    "para": "Fear of failure is one attitude that will keep you at the same point in your life."
    "para": "Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer."
    "para": "If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher."
    "para": "People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built."
    "para": "A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer."
    "para": "While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about."
    "para": "When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way."
    "para": "Genuine love should first be directed at oneself, if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?"
    "para": "The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do."
    "para": "It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it."
    "para": "Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health."
    "para": "Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have."
    "para": "No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path."
    "para": "The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself."
    "para": "Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony."
    "para": "The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion, it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength"
    "para": "Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose."
    "para": "To be thoughtful and kind only takes a few seconds compared to the timeless hurt caused by one rude gesture."
    "para": "The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live."
    "para": "When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky."
    "para": "For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour."
    "para": "It is surprising what a man can do when he has to, and how little most men will do when they don't have to."
    "para": "To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else."
    "para": "Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little."
    "para": "Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate."
    "para": "The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues."
    "para": "A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be."
    "para": "Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict."
    "para": "If you have no respect for your own values how can you be worthy of respect from others."
    "para": "Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses."
    "para": "To choose what is difficult all ones days, as if it were easy, that is faith."
    "para": "Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do.Attitude determines how well you do it."
    "para": "Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education."
    "para": "Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared."
    "para": "I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing."
    "para": "Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world."
    "para": "To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god."
    "para": "If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace."
    "para": "There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness."
    "para": "The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur."
    "para": "Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have."
    "para": "Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly."
    "para": "I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime."
    "para": "Wishes can be your best avenue of getting what you want when you turn wishes into action. Action moves your wish to the forefront from thought to reality."
    "para": "To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do."
    "para": "I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can."
    "para": "Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create."
    "para": "When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points."
    "para": "If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others."
    "para": "Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all."
    "para": "You may say Im a dreamer, but Im not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one."
    "para": "Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you."
    "para": "He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye."
    "para": "In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true."
    "para": "You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless."
    "para": "Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe."
    "para": "The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be."
    "para": "If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavours to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours."
    "para": "The secret of joy in work is contained in one word, excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it."
    "para": "When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self."
    "para": "We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre."
    "para": "Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them."
    "para": "Everything can be taken from a man but ... the last of the human freedoms, to choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose ones own way."
    "para": "It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all."
    "para": "Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing."
    "para": "By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning."
    "para": "I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever."
    "para": "Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort."
    "para": "We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice."
    "para": "The most dangerous way to lose time is not to spend it having fun, but to spend it doing fake work. When you spend time having fun, you know you're being self-indulgent."
    "para": "Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared."
    "para": "A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do."
    "para": "Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark."
    "para": "Love at first sight is easy to understand; its when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle."
    "para": "With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity."
    "para": "The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character."
    "para": "I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence."
    "para": "No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit."
    "para": "When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive, to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love."
    "para": "Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved."
    "para": "Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always."
    "para": "You must train your intuition, you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide."
    "para": "Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart."
    "para": "Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions."
    "para": "Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less."
    "para": "Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a persons character lies in their own hands."
    "para": "Adversity isn't set against you to fail; adversity is a way to build your character so that you can succeed over and over again through perseverance."
    "para": "If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience."
    "para": "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful."
    "para": "If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut."
    "para": "My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while its on your plate, that's my philosophy."
    "para": "Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving."
    "para": "He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty."
    "para": "Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it."
    "para": "Arriving at one point is the starting point to another."
    "para": "The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet."
    "para": "The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances."
    "para": "It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis."
    "para": "A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart."
    "para": "Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action."
    "para": "Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things."
    "para": "Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can."
    "para": "The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment."
    "para": "You are special, you are unique, you are the best!"
    "para": "Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently."
    "para": "To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person."
    "para": "We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose."
    "para": "Smile, breathe and go slowly."
    "para": "Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one."
    "para": "When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on."
    "para": "Always be mindful of the kindness and not the faults of others."
    "para": "Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves."
    "para": "When fate hands us a lemon, lets try to make lemonade."
    "para": "The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong."
    "para": "A man is great by deeds, not by birth."
    "para": "Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get."
    "para": "Put your future in good hands, your own."
    "para": "Truth isn't all about what actually happens but more about how what has happened is interpreted."
    "para": "A good rest is half the work."
    "para": "Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant."
    "para": "Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises."
    "para": "To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist."
    "para": "Take heed: you do not find what you do not seek."
    "para": "Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know."
    "para": "Be slow of tongue and quick of eye."
    "para": "Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err."
    "para": "I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts."
    "para": "To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself."
    "para": "No day in which you learn something is a complete loss."
    "para": "Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding."
    "para": "Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love."
    "para": "Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace."
    "para": "All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today."
    "para": "Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again."
    "para": "As you think, so shall you become."
    "para": "In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy."
    "para": "Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little."
    "para": "Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness."
    "para": "Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue."
    "para": "The wisest men follow their own direction."
    "para": "Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible."
    "para": "Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it."
    "para": "Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know."
    "para": "When you learn, teach. When you get, give."
    "para": "Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live."
    "para": "If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it."
    "para": "Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend."
    "para": "In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order."
    "para": "A man is not where he lives but where he loves."
    "para": "The price of greatness is responsibility."
    "para": "Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free."
    "para": "Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer."
    "para": "The world doesn't happen to you it happens from you."
    "para": "We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them."
    "para": "More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin."
    "para": "Learning is finding out what you already know."
    "para": "Saying thank you is more than good manners. It is good spirituality."
    "para": "Silence is a source of great strength."
    "para": "Joy is the best makeup."
    "para": "There is no great genius without some touch of madness."
    "para": "A jug fills drop by drop."
    "para": "Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have."
    "para": "We aim above the mark to hit the mark."
    "para": "Being angry never solves anything."
    "para": "All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers."
    "para": "Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius."
    "para": "Where all think alike, no one thinks very much."
    "para": "Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be."
    "para": "Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas."
    "para": "The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of."
    "para": "Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly."
    "para": "Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it."
    "para": "Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them."
    "para": "Go to your bosom: Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know."
    "para": "Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors."
    "para": "If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading."
    "para": "What we see is mainly what we look for."
    "para": "Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be."
    "para": "Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does."
    "para": "Passion creates the desire for more and action fuelled by passion creates a future."
    "para": "Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame."
    "para": "Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat."
    "para": "Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do."
    "para": "Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power."
    "para": "We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing."
    "para": "Experience can only be gained by doing not by thinking or dreaming."
    "para": "Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said."
    "para": "From wonder into wonder existence opens."
    "para": "He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat."
    "para": "Life is what happens while you are making other plans."
    "para": "Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life."
    "para": "Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together."
    "para": "You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star."
    "para": "It can't be spring if your heart is filled with past failures."
    "para": "No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today."
    "para": "There are no failures, just experiences and your reactions to them."
    "para": "Action is the foundational key to all success."
    "para": "What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself."
    "para": "Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will."
    "para": "We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do."
    "para": "Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength."
    "para": "Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man."
    "para": "We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey."
    "para": "Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how."
    "para": "A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials."
    "para": "Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests."
    "para": "The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands."
    "para": "The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty."
    "para": "Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do."
    "para": "Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same."
    "para": "Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be."
    "para": "Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow."
    "para": "I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being."
    "para": "We know what we are, but know not what we may be."
    "para": "Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you."
    "para": "The truth which has made us free will in the end make us glad also."
    "para": "He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet."
    "para": "Whoso loves, believes the impossible."
    "para": "It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts."
    "para": "The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment."
    "para": "When anger use your energy to do something productive."
    "para": "We are all something, but none of us are everything."
    "para": "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough."
    "para": "He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world."
    "para": "He who knows himself is enlightened."
    "para": "Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door."
    "para": "As our case is new, we must think and act anew."
    "para": "If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one."
    "para": "In three words I can sum up everything Ive learned about life: it goes on."
    "para": "Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams."
    "para": "You always succeed in producing a result."
    "para": "Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you."
    "para": "As we risk ourselves, we grow. Each new experience is a risk."
    "para": "Who we are never changes. Who we think we are does."
    "para": "The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment."
    "para": "An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come."
    "para": "Never let lack of money interfere with having fun."
    "para": "Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude."
    "para": "People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do."
    "para": "The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason."
    "para": "It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains."
    "para": "Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late some day."
    "para": "You only lose what you cling to."
    "para": "Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed."
    "para": "Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine."
    "para": "Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others."
    "para": "I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind."
    "para": "In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity."
    "para": "Every human being is the author of his own health or disease."
    "para": "When in doubt, tell the truth."
    "para": "Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination."
    "para": "The ladder of success is never crowded at the top."
    "para": "He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything."
    "para": "All great achievements require time."
    "para": "No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow."
    "para": "Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned."
    "para": "Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare."
    "para": "The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage."
    "para": "He who angers you conquers you."
    "para": "I never worry about action, but only inaction."
    "para": "No man is free who is not master of himself."
    "para": "Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach."
    "para": "If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything."
    "para": "No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted."
    "para": "Every man is a volume if you know how to read him."
    "para": "The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter."
    "para": "Quality means doing it right when no one is looking."
    "para": "Change your words. Change your world."
    "para": "Great acts are made up of small deeds."
    "para": "The odds of hitting your target go up dramatically when you aim at it."
    "para": "Open minds lead to open doors."
    "para": "They can do all because they think they can."
    "para": "You have to think anyway, so why not think big?"
    "para": "On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, In every rill a sweet instruction flows."
    "para": "Your body is precious. It is our vehicle for awakening. Treat it with care."
    "para": "The one who always loses, is the only person who gets the reward."
    "para": "The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment."
    "para": "Each time we face a fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing."
    "para": "Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer, and practice it."
    "para": "Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile."
    "para": "Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level."
    "para": "Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind."
    "para": "Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know."
    "para": "The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself."
    "para": "Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it."
    "para": "What is not started today is never finished tomorrow."
    "para": "Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe."
    "para": "Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence."
    "para": "Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm."
    "para": "Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm."
    "para": "The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder."
    "para": "Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly."
    "para": "A man is not old as long as he is seeking something."
    "para": "The time you think you're missing, misses you too."
    "para": "Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by its breathtaking moments."
    "para": "Much wisdom often goes with fewer words."
    "para": "If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of."
    "para": "Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception."
    "para": "It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment."
    "para": "Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first."
    "para": "Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose."
    "para": "A thing well said will be wit in all languages."
    "para": "Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later."
    "para": "My mama always said: life's like a box of chocolate, you never know what you gonna get."
    "para": "We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden."
    "para": "If you come to a fork in the road, take it."
    "para": "It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do."
    "para": "Nobody can do everything, but everybody can do something."
    "para": "The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going."
    "para": "You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in."
    "para": "Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way."
    "para": "No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again."
    "para": "I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else."
    "para": "Whoever is happy will make others happy, too."
    "para": "Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it."
    "para": "It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters."
    "para": "Take it easy, but take it."
    "para": "Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth."
    "para": "Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop."
    "para": "Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age."
    "para": "Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are."
    "para": "There are people who have money and people who are rich."
    "para": "Why worry about tomorrow, when today is all we have?"
    "para": "Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret."
    "para": "Things do not change, we change."
    "para": "The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life."
    "para": "Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths."
    "para": "Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love."
    "para": "To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life."
    "para": "Most smiles are started by another smile."
    "para": "Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it."
    "para": "It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others."
    "para": "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."
    "para": "We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures."
    "para": "Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue"
    "para": "We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing."
    "para": "You can't choose up sides on a round world."
    "para": "Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see."
    "para": "I may not know everything, but everything is not known yet anyway."
    "para": "If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change."
    "para": "Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable."
    "para": "You cannot travel the path until you have become the path itself."
    "para": "Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground."
    "para": "I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today."
    "para": "Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless."
    "para": "When you lose, don't lose the lesson."
    "para": "If you want a thing done well, do it yourself."
    "para": "The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure."
    "para": "Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather."
    "para": "If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?"
    "para": "Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall."
    "para": "The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth."
    "para": "If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand."
    "para": "We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves."
    "para": "Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach."
    "para": "An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is colour-blind."
    "para": "What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate."
    "para": "Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him."
    "para": "Just as a flower, which seems beautiful has color but no perfume, so are the fruitless words of a man who speaks them but does them not."
    "para": "To change ones life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions."
    "para": "As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them."
    "para": "The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts."
    "para": "The steeper the mountain the harder the climb the better the view from the finishing line"
    "para": "Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life."
    "para": "When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be."
    "para": "Transformation does not start with some one else changing you; transformation is an inner self reworking of what you are now to what you will be."
    "para": "Time is not a measure the length of a day or month or year but more a measure of what you have accomplished."
    "para": "Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him."
    "para": "Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned."
    "para": "When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you."
    "para": "He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still."
    "para": "There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; theres only scarcity of resolve to make it happen."
    "para": "Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius."
    "para": "The happy and efficient people in this world are those who accept trouble as a normal detail of human life and resolve to capitalize it when it comes along."
    "para": "As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be."
    "para": "You are the only person on Earth who can use your ability."
    "para": "Don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can do."
    "para": "Complaining doesn't change a thing only taking action does."
    "para": "Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter."
    "para": "Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things."
    "para": "With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice."
    "para": "Let the beauty of what you love be what you do."
    "para": "The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going."
    "para": "Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart."
    "para": "A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work."
    "para": "Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all."
    "para": "To be great is to be misunderstood."
    "para": "Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement."
    "para": "Never, never, never give up."
    "para": "The most decisive actions of our life... are most often unconsidered actions."
    "para": "As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others."
    "para": "Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet."
    "para": "It is the quality of our work which will please God, not the quantity."
    "para": "Try and fail, but don't fail to try."
    "para": "First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do."
    "para": "Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, Something is out of tune."
    "para": "Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly."
    "para": "Fear not for the future, weep not for the past."
    "para": "We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive."
    "para": "If you kick a stone in anger, you'll hurt your own foot."
    "para": "To see things in the seed, that is genius."
    "para": "The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live."
    "para": "Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so."
    "para": "Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you."
    "para": "The universe is made of stories, not atoms."
    "para": "Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years."
    "para": "I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand."
    "para": "The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds."
    "para": "A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one."
    "para": "Sometimes the biggest act of courage is a small one."
    "para": "People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals, that is, goals that do not inspire them."
    "para": "You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you."
    "para": "Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one."
    "para": "Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open."
    "para": "There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded."
    "para": "The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing."
    "para": "Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing."
    "para": "Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means."
    "para": "Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites."
    "para": "Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody."
    "para": "Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others."
    "para": "He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg."
    "para": "Peace begins with a smile."
    "para": "Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket."
    "para": "Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you."
    "para": "Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out."
    "para": "Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark."
    "para": "To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others."
    "para": "Ability will never catch up with the demand for it."
    "para": "Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world any more. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf."
    "para": "Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself."
    "para": "Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible."
    "para": "Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear."
    "para": "All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them."
    "para": "The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention."
    "para": "We know from science that nothing in the universe exists as an isolated or independent entity."
    "para": "Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines."
    "para": "What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?"
    "para": "When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace."
    "para": "We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated."
    "para": "Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you."
    "para": "Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere."
    "para": "Our deepest wishes are whispers of our authentic selves. We must learn to respect them. We must learn to listen."
    "para": "The world is but a canvas to the imagination."
    "para": "Thats the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along."
    "para": "To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright."
    "para": "Strength to carry on despite the odds means you have faith in your own abilities and know how."
    "para": "Make the most of yourself for that is all there is of you."
    "para": "Be gentle first with yourself if you wish to be gentle with others."
    "para": "A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else."
    "para": "We make our own fortunes and we call them fate."
    "para": "Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price well have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal."
    "para": "It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are."
    "para": "Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity."
    "para": "Rather than wishing for change, you first must be prepared to change."
    "para": "I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act."
    "para": "Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else."
    "para": "First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination."
    "para": "The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action."
    "para": "A single conversation across the table with a wise person is worth a months study of books."
    "para": "The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the worlds problems."
    "para": "You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore."
    "para": "Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed."
    "para": "Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also."
    "para": "Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in."
    "para": "Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience."
    "para": "When deeds and words are in accord, the whole world is transformed."
    "para": "Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless."
    "para": "For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life."
    "para": "The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world."
    "para": "Our passion is our strength."
    "para": "In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time."
    "para": "Spring is a time for rebirth and the fulfilment of new life."
    "para": "There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with."
    "para": "There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking."
    "para": "The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order."
    "para": "We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give."
    "para": "If you want to study yourself, look into the hearts of other people. If you want to study other people, look into your own heart."
    "para": "Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you."
    "para": "The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society, more briefly, to find your real job, and do it."
    "para": "The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness."
    "para": "Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it."
    "para": "True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances."
    "para": "There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all."
    "para": "I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do."
    "para": "All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players.They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts."
    "para": "As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others."
    "para": "The most successful people are those who are good at plan B."
    "para": "Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing."
    "para": "To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived."
    "para": "Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal."
    "para": "The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it."
    "para": "Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds."
    "para": "We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish."
    "para": "You are the only person on earth who can use your ability."
    "para": "Neither genius, fame, nor love show the greatness of the soul. Only kindness can do that."
    "para": "The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it."
    "para": "The noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can."
    "para": "Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from not and make a brand new ending."
    "para": "A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown."
    "para": "Don't think of it as failure. Think of it as time-released success."
    "para": "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit."
    "para": "I walk slowly, but I never walk backward."
    "para": "Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it."
    "para": "The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm."
    "para": "We know the truth, not only by the reason, but by the heart."
    "para": "We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them."
    "para": "Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it."
    "para": "If I know what love is, it is because of you."
    "para": "Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose."
    "para": "Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled."
    "para": "Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength."
    "para": "It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something."
    "para": "Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?"
    "para": "To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich."
    "para": "Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous."
    "para": "Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have."
    "para": "All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns."
    "para": "I don't believe in failure. It's not failure if you enjoyed the process."
    "para": "The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart."
    "para": "Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were."
    "para": "The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them."
    "para": "The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be."
    "para": "We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light."
    "para": "The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle."
    "para": "The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity."
    "para": "We can do no great things, only small things with great love."
    "para": "Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun."
    "para": "Remembering a wrong is like carrying a burden on the mind."
    "para": "The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance; the wise grows it under his feet."
    "para": "Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul."
    "para": "If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?"
    "para": "You cannot have what you do not want."
    "para": "Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail."
    "para": "It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself."
    "para": "Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people."
    "para": "The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer..."
    "para": "Weve got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true."
    "para": "If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself."
    "para": "There is nothing impossible to him who will try."
    "para": "Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom."
    "para": "Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world."
    "para": "The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows."
    "para": "Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either."
    "para": "Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones weve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek."
    "para": "Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it."
    "para": "The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same."
    "para": "Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember."
    "para": "Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind."
    "para": "However many holy words you read, However many you speak, What good will they do you If you do not act on upon them?"
    "para": "They can conquer who believe they can."
    "para": "Learn to listen. Opportunity could be knocking at your door very softly."
    "para": "All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter."
    "para": "There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle."
    "para": "I love my past. I love my present. Im not ashamed of what Ive had, and Im not sad because I have it no longer."
    "para": "Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible."
    "para": "Just as much as we see in others we have in ourselves."
    "para": "Prosperity depends more on wanting what you have than having what you want."
    "para": "How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone."
    "para": "He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know."
    "para": "We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails."
    "para": "One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility."
    "para": "The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action."
    "para": "Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves."
    "para": "Moments of complete apathy are the best for new creations."
    "para": "The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing."
    "para": "To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are."
    "para": "The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become."
    "para": "Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the paren't of all the others."
    "para": "It is never too late. Even if you are going to die tomorrow, keep yourself straight and clear and be a happy human being today."
    "para": "Respect is not something that you can ask for, buy or borrow. Respect is what you earn from each person no matter their background or status."
    "para": "Things do not change; we change."
    "para": "We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything."
    "para": "Learn wisdom from the ways of a seedling. A seedling which is never hardened off through stressful situations will never become a strong productive plant."
    "para": "We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations."
    "para": "All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out."
    "para": "Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble."
    "para": "Meditation brings wisdom; lack of mediation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what hold you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom."
    "para": "You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving."
    "para": "To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well."
    "para": "There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved."
    "para": "Live through feeling and you will live through love. For feeling is the language of the soul, and feeling is truth."
    "para": "Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love."
    "para": "Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error."
    "para": "The best cure for the body is a quiet mind."
    "para": "See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort."
    "para": "By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy."
    "para": "Never deny a diagnosis, but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it."
    "para": "The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief."
    "para": "You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with."
    "para": "I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act."
    "para": "If you propose to speak, always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind."
    "para": "Risk more than others think is safe. Care more than others think is wise. Dream more than others think is practical.Expect more than others think is possible."
    "para": "Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough."
    "para": "Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement."
    "para": "Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been."
    "para": "Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude."
    "para": "Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love."
    "para": "I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?"
    "para": "Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot."
    "para": "Your ability to learn faster than your competition is your only sustainable competitive advantage."
    "para": "Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future."
    "para": "Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine."
    "para": "Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts."
    "para": "The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated."
    "para": "Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction."
    "para": "We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life."
    "para": "It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn."
    "para": "When people are like each other they tend to like each other."
    "para": "Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men."
    "para": "Be the change that you want to see in the world."
    "para": "The more you care, the stronger you can be."
    "para": "Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down."
    "para": "Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live."
    "para": "To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest."
    "para": "If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much."
    "para": "It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves."
    "para": "Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go."
    "para": "To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first."
    "para": "An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea."
    "para": "It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him."
    "para": "Truth is generally the best vindication against slander."
    "para": "To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success."
    "para": "And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same."
    "para": "What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered."
    "para": "Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them."
    "para": "Many people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could."
    "para": "We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us."
    "para": "If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time."
    "para": "You must do the things you think you cannot do."
    "para": "Be yourself; everyone else is already taken."
    "para": "The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly."
    "para": "I am glad that I paid so little attention to good advice; had I abided by it I might have been saved from some of my most valuable mistakes."
    "para": "Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be."
    "para": "Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness."
    "para": "The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication."
    "para": "My reputation grows with every failure."
    "para": "Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed."
    "para": "Happiness does not come about only due to external circumstances; it mainly derives from inner attitudes."
    "para": "However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?"
    "para": "For success, attitude is equally as important as ability."
    "para": "If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude."
    "para": "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new."
    "para": "Better than a thousand hollow words is one word that brings peace."
    "para": "The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react."
    "para": "Almost everything comes from nothing."
    "para": "Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war."
    "para": "Listen to what you know instead of what you fear."
    "para": "It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself."
    "para": "If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change."
    "para": "Remember that failure is an event, not a person."
    "para": "Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself."
    "para": "What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly."
    "para": "Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance."
    "para": "If you do what you've always done, you'll get what youve always gotten."
    "para": "Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person."
    "para": "Knowledge has three degrees, opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition."
    "para": "Love vanquishes time. To lovers, a moment can be eternity, eternity can be the tick of a clock."
    "para": "We never live; we are always in the expectation of living."
    "para": "Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought."
    "para": "You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses."
    "para": "There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life."
    "para": "A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves."
    "para": "Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted."
    "para": "You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life."
    "para": "Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close."
    "para": "To give ones self earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom."
    "para": "A man's dreams are an index to his greatness."
    "para": "This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him."
    "para": "You teach best what you most need to learn."
    "para": "Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence, is the key to unlocking our potential."
    "para": "Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal."
    "para": "Go for it now. The future is promised to no one."
    "para": "Never tell a young person that anything cannot be done. God may have been waiting centuries for someone ignorant enough of the impossible to do that very thing."
    "para": "Bold is not the act of foolishness but the attribute and inner strength to act when others will not so as to move forward not backward."
    "para": "If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us."
    "para": "In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed."
    "para": "When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it."
    "para": "Never promise more than you can perform."
    "para": "If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place."
    "para": "I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary."
    "para": "There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge."
    "para": "It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover."
    "para": "Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends."
    "para": "If someone in your life talked to you the way you talk to yourself, you would have left them long ago."
    "para": "The cosmos is neither moral or immoral; only people are. He who would move the world must first move himself."
    "para": "If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor."
    "para": "There is a way that nature speaks, that land speaks. Most of the time we are simply not patient enough, quiet enough, to pay attention to the story."
    "para": "I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better."
    "para": "The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life."
    "para": "Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed."
    "para": "He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened."
    "para": "The best way to predict your future is to create it."
    "para": "A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself."
    "para": "If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow."
    "para": "Never mistake motion for action."
    "para": "One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that ones life has meaning, that one is needed in this world."
    "para": "One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him."
    "para": "Translation is the paradigm, the exemplar of all writing. It is translation that demonstrates most vividly the yearning for transformation that underlies every act involving speech, that supremely human gift."
    "para": "Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity."
    "para": "The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man."
    "para": "Good instincts usually tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out."
    "para": "It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens."
    "para": "Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night."
    "para": "We cannot hold a torch to light another's path without brightening our own."
    "para": "You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however."
    "para": "Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless."
    "para": "Count your joys instead of your woes. Count your friends instead of your foes."
    "para": "Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them."
    "para": "Staying in one place is the best path to be taken over and surpassed by many."
    "para": "Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere."
    "para": "When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us."
    "para": "A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action."
    "para": "I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious."
    "para": "I endeavour to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress."
    "para": "The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions."
    "para": "If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?"
    "para": "When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid."
    "para": "All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know."
    "para": "To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with."
    "para": "Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it."
    "para": "We lost because we told ourselves we lost."
    "para": "Success is determined by those whom prove the impossible, possible."
    "para": "Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it."
    "para": "The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose."
    "para": "Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities. Spirituality, I have come to see, is nothing less than the thoughtful love of life."
    "para": "No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut."
    "para": "The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything."
    "para": "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans."
    "para": "Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought."
    "para": "If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it."
    "para": "It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows."
    "para": "If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging."
    "para": "To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future."
    "para": "I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances."
    "para": "Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth."
    "para": "Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity."
    "para": "I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line."
    "para": "Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centred by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate."
    "para": "Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon, and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world."
    "para": "The energy of the mind is the essence of life."
    "para": "Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise."
    "para": "Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime."
    "para": "A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds."
    "para": "Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast, you also miss the sense of where you are going and why."
    "para": "Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing."
    "para": "Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man."
    "para": "So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains."
    "para": "The true way to render ourselves happy is to love our work and find in it our pleasure."
    "para": "When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself."
    "para": "Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours."
    "para": "He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own."
    "para": "Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something."
    "para": "Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated."
    "para": "The future is an opaque mirror. Anyone who tries to look into it sees nothing but the dim outlines of an old and worried face."
    "para": "Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves."
    "para": "Beware of the half truth. You may have gotten hold of the wrong half."
    "para": "The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one."
    "para": "I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say."
    "para": "Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be."
    "para": "Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records."
    "para": "An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men."
    "para": "The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition."
    "para": "Example has more followers than reason."
    "para": "One that desires to excel should endeavour in those things that are in themselves most excellent."
    "para": "If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose."
    "para": "The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there."
    "para": "Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty."
    "para": "Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong."
    "para": "To know your purpose is to live a life of direction, and in that direction is found peace and tranquillity."
    "para": "You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims."
    "para": "Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss."
    "para": "It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not."
    "para": "All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up."
    "para": "Either I will find a way, or I will make one."
    "para": "He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough."
    "para": "The only way to have a friend is to be one."
    "para": "If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."
    "para": "Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are."
    "para": "Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes."
    "para": "There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing."
    "para": "You really can change the world if you care enough."
    "para": "What you are is what you have been. What you'll be is what you do now."
    "para": "Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith."
    "para": "There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil."
    "para": "Music in the soul can be heard by the universe."
    "para": "What we see depends mainly on what we look for."
    "para": "To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities."
    "para": "The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind."
    "para": "An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts."
    "para": "We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity."
    "para": "Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending."
    "para": "Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy."
    "para": "Nothing will work unless you do."
    "para": "Our ability to achieve happiness and success depends on the strength of our wings."
    "para": "To go against the dominant thinking of your friends, of most of the people you see every day, is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform."
    "para": "Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow."
    "para": "Into each life rain must fall but rain can be the giver of life and it is all in your attitude that makes rain produce sunshine."
    "para": "We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts."
    "para": "Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely."
    "para": "If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is natures way."
    "para": "Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it."
    "para": "It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves."
    "para": "Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant."
    "para": "I will prepare and some day my chance will come."
    "para": "You can do anything, but not everything."
    "para": "Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away."
    "para": "The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least."
    "para": "You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take."
    "para": "Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear."
    "para": "You must be the change you wish to see in the world."
    "para": "When hungry, eat your rice; when tired, close your eyes. Fools may laugh at me, but wise men will know what I mean."
    "para": "The third-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the majority. The second-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the minority. The first-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking."
    "para": "To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail."
    "para": "We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit."
    "para": "A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends."
    "para": "Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought."
    "para": "Everyone is a genius at least once a year. The real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together."
    "para": "What we think, or what we know, or what we believe is, in the end, of little consequence. The only consequence is what we do."
    "para": "The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes."
    "para": "Work like you don't need money, love like you've never been hurt, and dance like no one's watching"
    "para": "Try a thing you haven't done three times. Once, to get over the fear of doing it. Twice, to learn how to do it. And a third time, to figure out whether you like it or not."
    "para": "Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there."
    "para": "People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing that's why we recommend it daily."
    "para": "What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left."
    "para": "Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much."
    "para": "When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty."
    "para": "Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand."
    "para": "Just the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses."
    "para": "My pessimism extends to the point of even suspecting the sincerity of the pessimists."
    "para": "Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world."
    "para": "I quit therapy because my analyst was trying to help me behind my back."
    "para": "We've heard that a million monkeys at a million keyboards could produce the complete works of Shakespeare; now, thanks to the Internet, we know that is not true."
    "para": "If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?"
    "para": "If the lessons of history teach us anything it is that nobody learns the lessons that history teaches us."
    "para": "When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President. Now I'm beginning to believe it."
    "para": "Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life. Laughing at someone else's can shorten it."
    "para": "There are many who dare not kill themselves for fear of what the neighbors will say."
    "para": "There's so much comedy on television. Does that cause comedy in the streets?"
    "para": "All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it."
    "para": "I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the streets and frighten the horses."
    "para": "I took a speed reading course and read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It involves Russia."
    "para": "The person who reads too much and uses his brain too little will fall into lazy habits of thinking."
    "para": "Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it."
    "para": "Geometry sets out from certain conceptions such as \"plane,\" \"point,\" and \"straight line,\" with which we are able to associate more or less definite ideas, and from certain simple propositions (axioms) which, in virtue of these ideas, we are inclined to accept as \"true.\" Then, on the basis of a logical process, the justification of which we feel ourselves compelled to admit, all remaining propositions are shown to follow from those axioms, i.e. they are proven."
    "para": "But speculations on the structure of the universe also move in quite another direction. The development of non-Euclidean geometry led to the recognition of the fact, that we can cast doubt on the infiniteness of our space without coming into conflict with the laws of thought or with experience."
    "para": "No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main. If a clod be washed away by the sea, Europe is the less, as well as if a promontory were, as well as if a manor of thy friend's or of thine own were: any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind, and therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee."
    "para": "I can feel the heat closing in, feel them out there making their moves, setting up their devil doll stool pigeons, crooning over my spoon and dropper I throw away at Washington Square Station, vault a turnstile and two flights down the iron stairs, catch an uptown A train."
    "para": "Thirdly, however, these wars could now be waged with the new technology of capitalism. Since this technology, through the camera and the telegraph, also transformed the reporting of war in the press, it now brought its reality more vividly before the literate public."
    "para": "The creation ends in South Georgia, at the very edge of the sweet earth. Only the sky, widest of the wide, goes on, flatness against flatness. The sky appears so close that, with a long-enough extension ladder, you think you could touch it, and sometimes you do, when clouds descend in the night to set a fine pelt of dew on the grasses, leaving behind white trails of fog and mist."
    "para": "The day dawned bleak and chill, a moving wall of gray light out of the northeast which, instead of dissolving into moisture, seemed to disintegrate into minute and venomous particles, like dust that, when Dilsey opened the door of the cabin and emerged, needled laterally into her flesh, precipitating not so much a moisture as a substance partaking of the quality of thin, not quite congealed oil."
    "para": "The streets were cleared by a Critical Mass bike ride and were flooded by activists dressed in second-hand suits with slogans painted on their backs. They danced in the doorsteps of office towers, formed a human chain around the Treasury and held peaceful sit-ins at several banks."
    "para": "But the two men were not lonely at all. At home they were content to eat and drink, and Singer would talk with his hands eagerly to his friend about all that was in his mind. So the years passed in this quiet way until Singer reached the age of thirty-two."
    "para": "Wilkinson County was a recipient of one of the new \"separate but equal\" schools built throughout the South as a result of the 1954 Supreme Court decision. It had been under construction on a fifty-two-acre plot in Woodville for almost a year, when I graduated in 1959."
    "para": "Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other, and I've seen a lot of strange stuff. But I've never seen anything to make me believe that there's one all-powerful Force controlling everything. There's no mystical energy field that controls MY destiny."
    "para": "What good's a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like... suicide."
    "para": "It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire. During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the Death Star, an armored space station with enough power to destroy an entire planet."
    "para": "The garbage chute was a wonderful idea! What an incredible smell you've discovered! Let's get out of here!"
    "para": "Get it straight buster - I'm not here to say please, I'm here to tell you what to do and if self-preservation is an instinct you possess you'd better do it and do it quick! I'm here to help - if my help is not appreciated then lots of luck, gentlemen."
    "para": "Ezekiel twenty-five, seventeen: The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the iniquities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children."
    "para": "Well, the way they make shows is,"
    "para": "If I'm curt with you it's because time is a factor. I think fast, I talk fast and I need you guys to act fast if you wanna get out of this. So, pretty please with sugar on top. Clean the car!"
    "para": "Do you know what they call a Quarter-pounder with cheese in France? Royale with cheese. Do you know why they call it a Royale with cheese? Because of the metric system."
    "para": "How many roads must a man walk down"
    "para": "Hey Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me, I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to; Hey Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me, in the jingle jangle morning I'll come followin' you."
    "para": "The problem is, Willie, is that Charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times. So just do as I say and keep the cage locked!"
    "para": "You could choke a dozen donkeys on that! And you're haggling over one hundred pound? What do you do when you're not buying stereos, Nick? Finance revolutions? You've got Liberia's deficit in your skyrocket!"
    "para": "Let's sort the buyers from the"
    "para": "Let's sort the buyers from the spiers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't, because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping. You're up here shoplifting. Anyone like jewelry? Look at that one there. Handmade in Italy, hand-stolen in Stepney. It's as long as my arm. Here - one price - ten pound."
    "para": "What should have been swift revenge"
    "para": "So I'm two inches away from her. Her luscious lips part. Just as I'm about to kiss her, she looks at me and she says, \"what's your name?\" Gogol Ganguli. End of seduction 101."
    "para": "We turn away to face the cold, enduring chill, as the day begs the night for mercy love. The sun so bright it leaves no shadows, only scars, carved into stone on the face of earth. The moon is up and over One Tree Hill we see the sun go down in your eyes."
    "para": "And in the world a heart of darkness, a firezone, where poets speak their hearts then bleed for it. Jara sang, his song a weapon, in the hands of love. You know his blood still cries from the ground. It runs like a river to the sea. We run like a river runs to the sea."
    "para": "I don't believe in painted roses or"
    "para": "And you know it's time to go,"
    "para": "Comfortable, Mullet? It seems sadly ironic that it's that tie that's got you into this pickle. Now you just take all the time you want. You can play some music if you like."
    "para": "What about Tony? You know, Bullet Tooth Tony. He'll find you Moses in the burning bush, if you pay him to. He got shot six times, had the bullets molded into gold. He's the best chance you got of finding Franky."
    "para": "My name is Turkish. Funny name for an Englishman, I know. My parents to be were on the same plane when it crashed. That's how they met. They named me after the name of the plane. Not many people are named after a plane crash."
    "para": "My name is Turkish. Funny name for an Englishman, I know. My parents to be were on the same plane when it crashed. That's how they met. They named me after the name of the plane. Not many people are named after a plane crash. That's Tommy. He tells people he was named after a gun, but I know he was really named after a famous 19th century ballet dancer."
    "para": "That's Tommy. He tells people he was named after a gun, but I know he was really named after a famous 19th century ballet dancer."
    "para": "Do you know why they call him Franky \"Four Fingers\" Doug? Because he makes stupid bets with dangerous people, and when he doesn't pay up, they give him the chop, Doug. And I'm not talking about his foreskin either."
    "para": "It turned out that the sweet-talking, tattoo-sporting pikey was a gypsy bare-knuckle boxing champion. Which makes him harder than a coffin nail. Right now, that's the last thing on Tommy's mind. If Gorgeous doesn't wake up in the next few minutes, Tommy knows he'll be buried with him."
    "para": "I don't want to go in there. He's a dangerous bastard. Taken too many disco biscuits in the heat of Russian disputations. He's got as many of these nuts as he has those nuts."
    "para": "One thing I've learned in the last seven years: in every game and con there's always an opponent, and there's always a victim. The trick is to know when you're the latter, so you can become the former."
    "para": "There is something about yourself that you don't know. Something that you will deny even exists, until it's too late to do anything about it. It's the only reason you get up in the morning. We share an addiction. We're approval junkies. We're all in it for the slap on the back and the gold watch."
    "para": "Oh bliss! Bliss and heaven! Oh, it was gorgeousness and gorgeousity made flesh. It was like a bird of rarest-spun heaven metal or like silvery wine flowing in a spaceship, gravity all nonsense now. As I slooshied, I knew such lovely pictures!"
    "para": "You needn't take it any further, sir. You've proved to me that all this ultraviolence and killing is wrong, wrong, and terribly wrong. I've learned me lesson, sir. I've seen now what I've never seen before. I'm cured! Praise Bog! I'm cured!"
    "para": "Excellent. He's enterprising, aggressive, outgoing, young, bold, vicious. He'll do. He's perfect. I want his records sent to me. This vicious young hoodlum will be transformed out of all recognition."
    "para": "Padre, these are subtleties! We are not concerned with motives, with the higher ethics. We are concerned only with cutting down crime and with relieving the ghastly congestion in our prisons. He will be your true Christian, ready to turn the other cheek, ready to be crucified rather than crucify, sick to the heart at the thought of killing a fly. Reclamation! Joy before the angels of God! The point is that it works."
    "para": "But suddenly, I viddied that thinking was for the gloopy ones, and that the oomny ones use like, inspiration and what Bog sends. Now it was lovely music that came into my aid. There was a window open with the stereo on, and I viddied right at once what to do."
    "para": "There was me, that is Alex, and my"
    "para": "The boy has not a real choice, has he? Self-interest, the fear of physical pain drove him to that grotesque act of self-abasement. The insincerity was clear to be seen. He ceases to be a wrongdoer. He ceases also to be a creature capable of moral choice."
    "para": "I don't know why he saved my life. Maybe in those last moments he loved life more than he ever had before. Not just his life, anybody's life, my life. All he'd wanted were the same answers the rest of us want. Where did I come from? Where am I going? How long have I got?"
    "para": "I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain."
    "para": "We began to recognize in them a strange obsession. After all, they are emotionally inexperienced, with only a few years in which to store up the experiences which you and I take for granted. If we gift them with a past, we create a cushion or a pillow for their emotions, and consequently, we can control them better."
    "para": "I will need my spectacles and a clear head. Today I broke my rules and I drank vodka. Tomorrow I will translate it, and then I will bring what I've done to your home."
    "para": "Yeah, you just take Soupy-Sales to"
    "para": "I know that you weren't bored that day because there was a lot of stuff on TV, and then The Blair Witch Project was coming on Starz and you were like, \"I haven't seen this since it came out and if so we should watch it\" and then, \"but oh, no, we should just make out instead!\""
    "para": "I'm a hopeless dancer, but this looks like you just screw in a light bulb with one hand and pat the dog with the other. Watch yourself, Darcy, he's about to transform into the Indian MC Hammer!"
    "para": "The Peacocks are not dancing so it will not rain. The Peacocks are not dancing so it will not rain? Have you been smoking Ganja?"
    "para": "My darling, you have to be standing up in order to be able to fall. I mean, if you keep sitting on your ass, nothing's gonna happen. \"Only brave warriors fall off their horses in battle. How can kneeling cowards know what a fall is?\""
    "para": "Throughout my academic career, I'd given some pretty good talks. But being considered the best speaker in the Computer Science department is like being known as the tallest of the Seven Dwarfs."
    "para": "No matter how bad things are, you can always make things worse. At the same time, it is often within your power to make them better. I learned this lesson well on New Year's Eve, 2001."
    "para": "I was hugely impressed. Kirk, I mean"
    "para": "Whenever you watch the mind, you withdraw consciousness from mind forms, and it then becomes what we call the watcher or the witness. When consciousness frees itself from identification with physical and mental forms, it becomes what we may call pure or enlightened consciousness, or presence."
    "para": "Whenever you watch the mind, you withdraw consciousness from mind forms, and it then becomes what we call the watcher or the witness."
    "para": "Step out the front door like a ghost into the fog where no one notices the contrast of white on white. And in between the moon and you the angels get a better view of the crumbling difference between wrong and right. I walk in the air between the rain through myself and back again. Where? I don't know."
    "para": "Overhead the albatross hangs motionless upon the air and deep beneath the rolling waves, in labyrinths of coral caves - the echo of a distant tide comes willowing across the sand, and everything is green and submarine."
    "para": "Hello, hello, hello, is there anybody in there? Just nod if you can hear me. Is there anyone home? Come on, come on, out, I hear you're feeling down. I can ease your pain and get you on your feet again. Relax, relax, relax, I need some information first. Just the basic facts, can you show me where it hurts?"
    "para": "There is no pain, you are receding."
    "para": "There is no pain, you are receding. A distant ship smoke on the horizon. You are only coming through in waves. Your lips move but I can't hear what you're saying."
    "para": "Run to the bedroom, in the suitcase on the left, you'll find my favorite axe. Don't look so frightened, this is just a passing phase - just one of my bad days. Would you like to watch TV? Or get between the sheets? Or contemplate the silent freeway? Would you like something to eat? Would you like to learn to fly? Would you like to see me try? Would you like to call the cops? Do you think it's time I stopped? Why are you running away..."
    "para": "We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control. No dark sarcasm in the classroom - teachers leave them kids alone! All in all it's just another brick in the wall."
    "para": "We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control. No dark sarcasm in the classroom - teachers leave them kids alone! All in all it's just another brick in the wall. \"If you don't eat yer meat, you can't have any pudding. How can you have any pudding if you don't eat yer meat?\""
    "para": "Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day, you fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way. Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town, waiting for someone or something to show you the way."
    "para": "Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day, you fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way. Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town, waiting for someone or something to show you the way. Tired of lying in the sunshine, staying home to watch the rain. You are young and life is long, and there is time to kill today. And then, one day you find, ten years have got behind you, no one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun."
    "para": "Trudging slowly over wet sand, back to the bench where your clothes were stolen. This is the coastal town that they forgot to close down. Armageddon - come Armageddon, come."
    "para": "A little boy went out to play. When"
    "para": "There's sometimes a buggy. How many drivers does a buggy have? So, let's just say I'm driving this buggy, and if you fix your attitude, you can ride along with me. Now you will see me one more time, if you do good. You will see me, two more times, if you do bad."
    "para": "Now did you answer cause you thought that's what I wanted to hear, or did you think about what I said and answer cause you truly believe that to be right?"
    "para": "Now I want you to think and stop being a smart aleck. A man's attitude goes some ways - the way his life will be. Is that something you agree with? So since you agree, you must be someone who does not care about the good life."
    "para": "My dog barks some. Mentally you picture my dog, but I have not told you the type of dog which I have. Perhaps you even picture Toto, from \"The Wizard of Oz.\" But I warn you, my dog is always with me. Woof!"
    "para": "It's a sunny, woodsy day in Lumberton, so get those chainsaws out. This is the mighty WOOD - the musical voice of Lumberton. At the sound of the falling tree, it's 9:30. There's a whole lotta wood waiting out there, so let's get going."
    "para": "I had a dream. There was our world, and the world was dark because there weren't any robins, and the robins represented love. And for the longest time, there was this darkness. Then all of a sudden, thousands of robins were set free and they flew down and brought this blinding light of love. I guess it means that there is trouble until the robins come."
    "para": "Now you might ask yourself, if by yourself you mean me, \"Stephen, if you don't like books, why did you write one?\" You just asked yourself a trick question. I didn't write it. I dictated it. I shouted it into a tape recorder over the Columbus Day weekend, then handed it to my agent and said, \"Sell this.\""
    "para": "I'm telling it like it is. Get used to it or put this book down. Because this book is for America's Heroes. And who are the Heroes? The people who bought this book. People who borrow this book are not Heroes. They are no better than welfare queens mooching off the system like card-carrying library card-carriers. For the record, we're not offering this book to libraries. No free rides."
    "para": "And today, Lady Liberty is under attack from the cable channels, the internet blogs, and the Hollywood celebritocracy, out there spewing \"facts\" like so many locusts descending on America's crop of ripe, tender values. And as any farmer or biblical scholar will tell you, locusts are damn hard to get rid of."
    "para": "In May 1980, Fidel Castro opened the"
    "para": "In the casino, the cardinal rule is to keep them playing and to keep them coming back. The longer they play, the more they lose, and in the end, we get it all. Running a casino is like robbing a bank with no cops around."
    "para": "What? A swallow carrying a coconut? It's not a question of where he grips it! It's a simple question of weight ratios! A five ounce bird could not carry a one pound coconut. Listen - in order to maintain air-speed velocity, a swallow needs to beat its wings forty-three times every second, right?"
    "para": "Listen, strange women lyin' in ponds distributin' swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony."
    "para": "Everyone said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same, just to show them. It sank into the swamp. So I built a second one. That sank into the swamp. So I built a third. That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp. But the fourth one stayed up. And that's what you're going to get, Lad, the strongest castle in all of England."
    "para": "Everyone said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same, just to show them. It sank into the swamp. So I built a second one. That sank into the swamp. So I built a third. That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp. But the fourth one stayed up!"
    "para": "King, eh? Very nice. And how'd you get that, eh? By exploiting the workers. By hanging on to outdated imperialist dogma which perpetuates the economic and social differences in our society."
    "para": "Make sure to secure the door when I am gone. There are many dangerous people who wanna take things from Americans, and also kidnap them. Good night!"
    "para": "An essential characteristic of the superhero mythology is, there's the superhero, and there's the alter ego. Batman is actually Bruce Wayne, Spider-Man is actually Peter Parker. When he wakes up in the morning, he's Peter Parker. He has to put on a costume to become Spider-Man. And it is in that characteristic that Superman stands alone. Superman did not become Superman, Superman was born Superman."
    "para": "Well, it just so happens, this hacienda comes with its very own private beach. And this private beach just so happens to look particularly beautiful bathed in moonlight. And there just so happens to be a full moon out tonight."
    "para": "My entire life had been on a predictable trajectory dominated by a couple of university degrees and thirteen years of white-collar employment. My identity was defined by my career. I now planned a radical shift, a big leap into the unknown: from corporate executive to unemployed guy setting up libraries in the Himalayas."
    "para": "Look, you should admit to yourself that Microsoft will miss you for a month or two. Someone will quickly fill the void. It will be like you never worked there. Ask yourself, \"Are there thousands lining up to help poor villages build schools and libraries?\""
    "para": "Space is big. Really big. You just"
    "para": "Is it really necessary to send that"
    "para": "As if that blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope; for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world."
    "para": "As if that blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope; for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world. Finding it so much like myself, I felt that I had been happy and that I was happy again."
    "para": "Images of broken light which dance before me like a million eyes - they call me on and on across the universe. Thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letter box - they tumble blindly as they make their way across the universe."
    "para": "The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands, and then to work outward from there. Other people can talk about how to expand the destiny of mankind. I just want to talk about how to fix a motorcycle. I think that what I have to say has more lasting value."
    "para": "If you're working out in front of a mirror and watching your muscles grow, your ego has reached a point where it is now eating itself. That's why I believe there should be a psychiatrist at every health club, so that when they see you doing this, they will take you away for a little chat."
    "para": "The chemistry of an element is determined by the manner in which its electrons are arranged in the atom. Such arrangements are the basis of the modern periodic classification of the elements: the Periodic Table."
    "para": "The treatment of atoms with more than one electron requires consideration of the effects of interelectronic repulsion, orbital penetration towards the nuclear shielding, and an extra quantum number which specifies the intrinsic energy of the electron in any orbital. All these considerations are necessary to allow construction of the modern form of the periodic classification of the elements."
    "para": "I thought climbing the Devil's Thumb would fix all that was wrong with my life. In the end, of course, it changed almost nothing. But I came to appreciate that mountains make poor receptacles for dreams. And I lived to tell my tale."
    "para": "And I said, I don't care if they lay me off either, because I told Bill that if they move my desk one more time, then I'm quitting, I'm going to quit."
    "para": "And I said, I don't care if they lay me off either, because I told Bill that if they move my desk one more time, then I'm quitting, I'm going to quit. They've moved my desk four times already this year, and I used to be over by the window, and I could see the squirrels, and they were married, but then, they switched from the Swingline to the Boston stapler, but I kept my Swingline stapler."
    "para": "Do you smell that? Napalm, son. Nothing else in the world smells like that. I love the smell of napalm in the morning. You know, one time we had a hill bombed, for twelve hours. Smelled like victory. Someday this war's gonna end."
    "para": "The inner surface of the cell wall touches the cytoplasmic membrane. The cytoplasmic membrane contains proteins that span the lipid bilayer. The bacterial cytoplasmic membrane (unlike that of animals) has no cholesterol or other sterols."
    "para": "If you are given too many choices, if you are forced to consider much more than your unconscious is comfortable with, you get paralyzed. Snap judgments can be made in a snap because they are frugal, and if we want to protect our snap judgments, we have to take steps to protect that frugality."
    "para": "\"This man right here,\" McGuiness said, pointing at Kenna, \"he's going to change the world.\" That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music."
    "para": "\"This man right here,\" McGuiness said, pointing at Kenna, \"he's going to change the world.\" That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music. But the people whose world Kenna was supposed to be changing, it seemed, couldn't disagree more."
    "para": "\"This man right here,\" McGuiness said, pointing at Kenna, \"he's going to change the world.\" That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music. But the people whose world Kenna was supposed to be changing, it seemed, couldn't disagree more, and when the results of all of the consumer research came in, Kenna's once promising career suddenly stalled."
    "para": "A giant inverted steel pyramid is perfectly balanced on its point. Any movement of the pyramid will cause it to topple over. Underneath the pyramid is a hundred dollar bill. How do you remove the bill without disturbing the pyramid? The only way you can get the answer is if it comes to you suddenly in the blink of an eye."
    "para": "San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world."
    "para": "Has it been five years? Six? It"
    "para": "The pathology of setting a deadline to the earliest articulable date essentially guarantees that the schedule will be missed. Even the strategy of picking the \"most likely date\" is not particularly safe, as the area to the left of the peak of the curve is barely a third. That says there is a two-thirds chance of missing the deadline."
    "para": "The unknown future rolls toward us. I face it for the first time with a sense of hope, because if a machine, a Terminator, can learn the value of human life, maybe we can, too."
    "para": "The terminator wouldn't stop, it would never leave him. It would never hurt him or shout at him or get drunk and hit him or say it was too busy to spend time with him. And it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers that came over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only thing that measured up."
    "para": "The terminator wouldn't stop, it would never leave him. It would never hurt him or shout at him or get drunk and hit him or say it was too busy to spend time with him. And it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers that came over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only thing that measured up. In an insane world, it was the sanest choice."
    "para": "If there is one thing the history of evolution has taught us it's that life will not be contained. Life breaks free, expands to new territory, and crashes through barriers, painfully, maybe even dangerously."
    "para": "Maybe what I think Tasty Wheat tasted like actually tasted like oatmeal, or tuna fish. That makes you wonder about a lot of things. You take chicken, for example: maybe they couldn't figure out what to make chicken taste like, which is why chicken tastes like everything."
    "para": "You have to wonder: how do the"
    "para": "You're here because you know something. What you know you can't explain, but you feel it. You've felt it your entire life, that there's something wrong with the world. You don't know what it is, but it's there, like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad. It is this feeling that has brought you to me."
    "para": "Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you know you can't explain, but you feel it. You've felt it your entire life, that there's something wrong with the world. You don't know what it is, but it's there, like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad. It is this feeling that has brought you to me. Do you know what I'm talking about?"
    "para": "It was one of those days when it's a minute away from snowing and there's this electricity in the air, you can almost hear it. And this bag was, like, dancing with me. Like a little kid begging me to play with it. For fifteen minutes. And that's the day I knew there was this entire life behind things, and this incredibly benevolent force."
    "para": "The Orient was almost a European invention, and had been since antiquity a place of romance, exotic beings, haunting memories and landscapes, remarkable experiences. Now it was disappearing; in a sense it had happened, its time was over."
    "para": "They had been given a sign - a powerful, lucid sign - that urban herding and its concomitant technologies are not the proper way to partake of this planet's hospitality. (Actually, there are countless ways to live upon this tremorous sphere in mirth and good health, and probably only one way - the industrialized, urbanized, herding way - to live here stupidly, and man has hit upon that one wrong way.)"
    "para": "Time is tricky. You have whole months, even years, when nothing changes a speck, when you don't go anywhere or do anything or think one new thought. And then you can get hit with a day, or an hour, or a half a second when so much happens its almost like you got born all over again into some brand-new person you for damn sure never expected to meet."
    "para": "Common knowledge has bicyclists always riding into the wind, regardless of direction, a perception that is not as wrong as it may seem. On level ground, one rides as fast as is comfortable and because the bicycle is highly efficient, speed is limited by wind resistance. With a tailwind, speeding up until the wind is in one's face is fairly easy, and at that point it becomes a headwind."
    "para": "We sit silently and watch the world around us. This has taken us a lifetime to learn. It seems only the old are able to sit next to one another and not say anything and still feel content. The young, brash and impatient, must always break the silence. It is a waste, for silence is pure."
    "para": "We sit silently and watch the world"
    "para": "The time I waited seemed endless, and I felt doubts and fears crowding upon me. What sort of place had I come to, and among what kind of people? What sort of grim adventure was it on which I had embarked?"
    "para": "I rejected those answers; instead, I chose something different. I chose the impossible. I chose Rapture, a city where the artist would not fear the censor. Where the scientist would not be bound by petty morality. Where the great would not be constrained by the small! And with the sweat of your brow, Rapture can become your city as well."
    "para": "The example of painting can teach us not only how to manage our own work, but how to work together. A lot of the great art of the past is the work of multiple hands, though there may only be one name on the wall next to it in the museum."
    "para": "Like painting, most software is intended for a human audience. And so hackers, like painters, must have empathy to do really great work. You have to be able to see things from the user's point of view."
    "para": "Few smart kids can spare the attention that popularity requires. Unless they also happen to be good-looking, natural athletes, or siblings of popular kids, they'll tend to become nerds. And that's why smart people's lives are worst between, say, the ages of eleven and seventeen. Life at that age revolves far more around popularity than before or after."
    "para": "Popularity is only partially about individual attractiveness. It's much more about alliances. To become more popular, you need to be constantly doing things that bring you close to other popular people, and nothing brings people closer than a common enemy."
    "para": "Because they're at the bottom of the scale, nerds are a safe target for the entire school. If I remember correctly, the most popular kids don't persecute nerds; they don't need to stoop to such things. Most of the persecution comes from kids lower down, the nervous middle classes."
    "para": "Data is by definition easy to copy. And the Internet makes copies easy to distribute. So it is no wonder companies are afraid. But, as so often happens, fear has clouded their judgment. The government has responded with draconian laws to protect intellectual property. They probably mean well. But they may not realize that such laws will do more harm than good."
    "para": "It is greatly to America's advantage that it is a congenial atmosphere for the right sort of unruliness - that it is a home not just for the smart, but for the smart-alecks. And hackers are invariably smart-alecks. If we had a national holiday, it would be April 1st."
    "para": "It doesn't mean much to be able to filter out most present-day spam, because spam evolves. Indeed, most anti-spam techniques so far have been like pesticides that do nothing more than create a new, resistant strain of bugs."
    "para": "He's got a two day head start on you, which is more than he needs. Brody's got friends in every town and village from here to the Sudan, he speaks a dozen languages, knows every local custom, he'll blend in, disappear, you'll never see him again. With any luck, he's got the grail already."
    "para": "The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn, like fabulous yellow Roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars, and in the middle, you see the blue center-light pop, and everybody goes ahh..."
    "para": "In 1966, Andy Dufresne escaped from Shawshank prison. All they found of him was a muddy set of prison clothes, a bar of soap, and an old rock hammer, damn near worn down to the nub. I used to think it would take six-hundred years to tunnel under the wall with it. Old Andy did it in less than twenty."
    "para": "The National Rifle Association says that, \"Guns don't kill people, uh, people do.\" But I think, I think the gun helps. You know? I think it helps. I just think just standing there going, \"Bang!\" That's not going to kill too many people, is it? You'd have to be really dodgy on the heart to have that."
    "para": "Supermarket aisles are the perfect place to practice your glide. Not only do you get to stock up on all your groceries and wow the locals but you can get up to twenty-four aisles' worth of runway-smooth surface to practice on, while being supported by a trolley, the ultimate stabilizer for the novice stiletto wearer."
    "para": "In order to face down the danger that is stalking us and move through it, we first have to recognize that we are facing a crisis. So why is it that our leaders seem not to hear such clarion warnings? Are they resisting the truth because they know that the moment they acknowledge it, they will face a moral imperative to act? Is it simply more convenient to ignore the warnings?"
    "para": "There are two places on Earth that serve as canaries in the coal mine - regions that are especially sensitive to the effects of global warming. The first is the Arctic. The second is the Antarctic."
    "para": "There are two places on Earth that"
    "para": "Warmer water increases the moisture content of storms, and warmer air holds more moisture. When storm conditions trigger a downpour, more of it falls in the form of big, one-time rainfalls and snowfalls."
    "para": "Warmer water increases the moisture content of storms, and warmer air holds more moisture. When storm conditions trigger a downpour, more of it falls in the form of big, one-time rainfalls and snowfalls. Partly as a result, the number of large flood events has increased decade by decade, on every continent."
    "para": "The problem we now face is that this thin layer of atmosphere is being thickened by huge quantities of human-caused carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. And as it thickens, it traps a lot of the infrared radiation that would otherwise escape the atmosphere and continue out to the universe."
    "para": "The problem we now face is that this thin layer of atmosphere is being thickened by huge quantities of human-caused carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. And as it thickens, it traps a lot of the infrared radiation that would otherwise escape the atmosphere and continue out to the universe. As a result, the temperature of the Earth's atmosphere and oceans is getting dangerously warmer."
    "para": "Imagine a vast sheet of paper on which straight Lines, Triangles, Squares, Pentagons, Hexagons, and other figures, instead of remaining fixed in their places, move freely about, on or in the surface, but without the power of rising above or sinking below it, very much like shadows - only hard and with luminous edges - and you will then have a pretty correct notion of my country and countrymen."
    "para": "The brain can be a tool. But when you can't stop thinking of that math problem or phone number, or when troubling thoughts and memories arise without your intent, it's not your brain working, but your mind wandering. Then the mind controls you."
    "para": "The brain can be a tool. It can recall phone numbers, solve math puzzles, or create poetry. In this way, it works for the rest of the body, like a tractor. But when you can't stop thinking of that math problem or phone number, or when troubling thoughts and memories arise without your intent, it's not your brain working, but your mind wandering. Then the mind controls you; then the tractor has run wild."
    "para": "If you don't get what you want, you suffer; if you get what you don't want, you suffer; even when you get exactly what you want, you still suffer because you can't hold on to it forever. Your mind is your predicament."
    "para": "If you don't get what you want, you suffer; if you get what you don't want, you suffer; even when you get exactly what you want, you still suffer because you can't hold on to it forever. Your mind is your predicament. It wants to be free of change, free of pain, free of the obligations of life and death. But change is a law, and no amount of pretending will alter that reality."
    "para": "Life is not suffering; it's just that you will suffer it, rather than enjoy it, until you let go of your mind's attachments and just go for the ride freely, no matter what happens."
    "para": "Disillusion is the greatest gift I can give you. But, because of your fondness for illusion, you consider the term negative. You commiserate with a friend by saying, \"Oh, what a disillusioning experience that must have been,\" when you ought to be celebrating with him. The word dis-illusion is literally a \"freeing from illusion.\" But you cling to your illusions."
    "para": "Hi, and welcome to the future. San"
    "para": "When I was your age, television was called books. And this is a special book. It was the book my father used to read to me when I was sick, and I used to read it to your father. And today I'm gonna read it to you."
    "para": "So my heart goes out to them. Figuratively. I would never actually entrust my heart to scientists - they'd probably implant it in a baboon. And a baboon with my heart would be practically unstoppable."
    "para": "So my heart goes out to them. Figuratively. I would never actually entrust my heart to scientists - they'd probably implant it in a baboon. And a baboon with my heart would be practically unstoppable. Baboon strength and agility combined with my determination and media savvy? It would be a threat to all of humanity."
    "para": "Who has a safety deposit box full of money and six passports and a gun? Who has a bank account number in their hip? I come in here, and the first thing I'm doing is I'm catching the sightlines and looking for an exit."
    "para": "Anyway, like I was saying, shrimp is the fruit of the sea. You can barbecue it, boil it, broil it, bake it, saute it. There's shrimp-kabobs, shrimp creole, shrimp gumbo. Pan fried, deep fried, stir-fried."
    "para": "I thought maybe I'd run to the end of town. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd just run across Greenbow County. And I figured, since I run this far, maybe I'd just run across the great state of Alabama."
    "para": "That day, for no particular reason, I decided to go for a little run. So I ran to the end of the road. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd run to the end of town. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd just run across Greenbow County. And I figured, since I run this far, maybe I'd just run across the great state of Alabama."
    "para": "If we all go for the blonde and block each other, not a single one of us is going to get her. So then we go for her friends, but they will all give us the cold shoulder because no one likes to be second choice. But what if none of us goes for the blonde? We won't get in each other's way and we won't insult the other girls. It's the only way to win."
    "para": "I still see things that are not here. I just choose not to acknowledge them. Like a diet of the mind, I just choose not to indulge certain appetites; like my appetite for patterns; perhaps my appetite to imagine and to dream."
    "para": "Yes, the newspapers were right: snow was general all over Ireland. It was falling on every part of the dark central plain, on the treeless hills, falling softly upon the Bog of Allen and, farther westward, softly falling into the dark mutinous Shannon waves."
    "para": "I drew the blankets over my head and tried to think of Christmas. But the grey face still followed me. It murmured, and I understood that it desired to confess something. I felt my soul receding into some pleasant and vicious region; and there again I found it waiting for me."
    "para": "I drew the blankets over my head and tried to think of Christmas. But the grey face still followed me. It murmured, and I understood that it desired to confess something."
    "para": "It was a marvelous night, the sort of night one only experiences when one is young. The sky was so bright, and there were so many stars that, gazing upward, one could not help wondering how so many whimsical wicked people could live under such a sky."
    "para": "It was a marvelous night, the sort of night one only experiences when one is young. The sky was so bright, and there were so many stars."
    "para": "I suddenly had the impression that I had been left all alone, that everyone was shrinking away from me, avoiding me. You are, of course, right to ask who that everyone is, for although I've lived in Petersburg for eight years now, I haven't managed to make a single friend."
    "para": "I had the impression of being abandoned by everyone when the whole city rose and left for the summer. I was afraid to be left alone, and for three days I roamed dejectedly through the city, unable to understand what was happening to me. Whether I went to Nevsky Avenue, to the park, or wandered along the embankments, I never came across the people I was accustomed to meet in certain spots at certain hours all year round. They, of course, didn't know me; but I knew them all right."
    "para": "I had the impression of being abandoned by everyone when the whole city rose and left for the summer. Whether I went to Nevsky Avenue, to the park, or wandered along the embankments, I never came across the people I was accustomed to meet in certain spots at certain hours all year round. They, of course, didn't know me; but I knew them all right."
    "para": "I'd been walking for hours and, as usual, I'd lost track of where I was, when I suddenly realized I'd reached the city limits. I immediately felt happy and, without hesitation, passed beyond the barrier and found myself walking between cultivated fields and meadows. I didn't feel tired at all. On the contrary, every joint in me was as relaxed as if a load had been lifted from my shoulders."
    "para": "I'd been walking for hours and, as usual, I'd lost track of where I was, when I suddenly realized I'd reached the city limits. I immediately felt happy and, without hesitation, passed beyond the barrier and found myself walking between cultivated fields and meadows."
    "para": "The result has been the emergence of what some call the \"winner-take-all\" economy, in which a rising tide doesn't necessarily lift all boats. Over the past decade, we've seen strong economic growth but anemic job growth; big leaps in productivity but flat-lining wages; hefty corporate profits, but a shrinking share of these profits going to workers."
    "para": "Over the past decade, we've seen strong economic growth but anemic job growth; big leaps in productivity but flat-lining wages; hefty corporate profits, but a shrinking share of these profits going to workers."
    "para": "Indonesia is a nation of islands - more than seventeen thousand in all, spread along the equator between the Indian and Pacific Oceans. Most Americans can't locate Indonesia on a map. The fact is puzzling to Indonesians, since for the past sixty years the fate of their nation has been directly tied to U.S. foreign policy."
    "para": "Indonesia is a nation of islands - more than seventeen thousand in all, spread along the equator between the Indian and Pacific Oceans."
    "para": "Combat for a naval aviator is fought in short, violent bursts. Our missions last but an hour or two before we are clear of danger and back on the carrier playing poker with our buddies. We are spared the sustained misery of the infantrymen who slog through awful conditions and danger for months on end."
    "para": "Some pilots like the excitement of our missions, knowing that they are of short duration, but most of us concentrate so fiercely on finding our targets and avoiding calamity that we recall more vividly our relief when it's over than we do our exhilaration while it's going on."
    "para": "To evaluate an option from the other side's point of view, consider how they might be criticized if they adopted it. Write out a sentence or two illustrating what the other side's most powerful critic might say about the decision you are thinking of asking for."
    "para": "You have a class of young strong"
    "para": "Advertising has these people chasing cars and clothes they don't need. Generations have been working in jobs they hate, just so they can buy what they don't really need."
    "para": "Today, you people are no longer maggots. Today, you are Marines. You're part of a brotherhood. From now on until the day you die, wherever you are, every Marine is your brother. Most of you will go to Vietnam. Some of you will not come back. But the Marine Corps lives forever. And that means YOU live forever."
    "para": "At the time when Britain faced a plunge into chaos and darkness, a hero emerged who not only succeeded in getting the feuding tribes to work together against their common enemy, but led them in a series of smashing victories that established him as a figure of great power and importance - a figure ripe for developing into the myth-laden king of later accounts."
    "para": "Chance and chance alone has a message for us. Everything that occurs out of necessity, everything expected, repeated day in and day out, is mute. Only chance can speak to us. We read its message much as gypsies read the images made by coffee grounds at the bottom of a cup."
    "para": "Chance and chance alone has a message for us. Everything that occurs out of necessity, everything expected, repeated day in and day out, is mute."
    "para": "I've always wondered about this coat business. When I'm in a theater, I either fold mine in my lap or throw it over my armrest, but Patsy always spreads hers out, acting as if the seat back were cold, and she couldn't possibly enjoy herself while it was suffering."
    "para": "The only preventive thing I do is wash clothes after buying them in a thrift shop - this after catching crabs from a pair of used pants. I was in my midtwenties at the time and probably would have itched myself all the way to the bone had a friend not taken me to a drugstore."
    "para": "The only message I got was from the company that holds my student loan, Sallie Mae. Sallie Mae sounds like a naive and barefoot hillbilly girl but in fact they are a ruthless and aggressive conglomeration of bullies located in a tall brick building somewhere in Kansas. I picture it to be the tallest building in that state and I have decided they hire their employees straight out of prison."
    "para": "The only message I got was from the company that holds my student loan, Sallie Mae. Sallie Mae sounds like a naive and barefoot hillbilly girl but in fact they are a ruthless and aggressive conglomeration of bullies located in a tall brick building somewhere in Kansas."
    "para": "In order to become an elf I filled out ten pages' worth of forms, took a multiple choice personality test, underwent two interviews and a drug test. The first interview was general, designed to eliminate obvious sociopaths. During the second interview we were asked why we wanted to be elves."
    "para": "In order to become an elf I filled out ten pages' worth of forms, took a multiple choice personality test, underwent two interviews and a drug test."
    "para": "Who is Keyser Soze? He is supposed to be Turkish. Some say his father was German. Nobody believed he was real. Nobody ever saw him or knew anybody that ever worked directly for him, but to hear Kobayashi tell it, anybody could have worked for Soze. You never knew. That was his power. The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist."
    "para": "Who is Keyser Soze? He is supposed to be Turkish. Some say his father was German. Nobody believed he was real. The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist."
    "para": "Any finite number divided by infinity is as near to nothing as makes no odds, so the average population of all the planets in the Universe can be said to be zero. From this it follows that the population of the whole Universe is also zero, and that any people you may meet from time to time are merely the products of a deranged imagination."
    "para": "A glooming peace this morning with it brings. The sun for sorrow will not show its head. Go hence to have more talk of these sad things. Some shall be pardoned and some punished. For never was a story of more woe than this of Juliet and her Romeo."
    "para": "Two households, both alike in dignity (in fair Verona, where we lay our scene), from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean. From forth the fatal loins of these two foes a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life; whose misadventured piteous overthrows doth with their death bury their parents strife."
    "para": "Tis but thy name that is my enemy."
    "para": "When I really worry about something, I don't just fool around. I even have to go to the bathroom when I worry about something. Only I don't go. I'm too worried to go. I'm too worried to interrupt my worrying to go."
    "para": "If you really want to hear about it, the first thing you'll probably want to know is where I was born, and what my lousy childhood was like, and how my parents were occupied and all before they had me, and all that David Copperfield kind of crap, but I don't feel like going into it, if you want to know the truth."
    "para": "A lot of people, especially this one psychoanalyst guy they have here, keeps asking me if I'm going to apply myself when I go back to school next September. It's such a stupid question, in my opinion. I mean, how do you know what you're going to do till you do it? The answer is, you don't. I think I am, but how do I know? I swear it's such a stupid question."
    "para": "But, pray how could that which I spoke so many years ago, and at about five thousand leagues distance, in another reign, be applied to any of the Yahoos, who now are said to govern the herd; especially at a time when I little thought, or feared, the unhappiness of living under them?"
    "para": "Double, double, toil and trouble; fire burn, and cauldron bubble. Fillet of a fenny snake, in the cauldron boil and bake, eye of newt and toe of frog, wool of bat and tongue of dog, adder's fork and blind-worm's sting, lizard's leg and owlet's wing, for a charm of powerful trouble, like a hell-broth boil and bubble."
    "para": "We've known each other for many years but this is the first time you've ever come to me for counsel or for help. I can't remember the last time you invited me to your house for a cup of coffee, even though my wife is Godmother to your only child. But, let's be frank here. You never wanted my friendship and you were afraid to be in my debt."
    "para": "We've known each other for many years but this is the first time you've ever come to me for counsel or for help. I can't remember the last time you invited me to your house for a cup of coffee, even though my wife is Godmother to your only child."
    "para": "You found paradise in America. You"
    "para": "Now you come to me and you say, \"Don Corleone, give me justice.\" But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer friendship. You don't even think to call me Godfather."
    "para": "And if by chance an honest man like yourself should make enemies then they would become my enemies. And then, they would fear you."
    "para": "I said that I would see you because I had heard that you were a serious man. A man to be treated with respect but I must say no to you and I will give you my reasons. It's true, I have a lot of friends in politics. But they wouldn't be so friendly if they knew my business was drugs instead of gambling which they consider a harmless vice, but drugs, that's a dirty business."
    "para": "A long time ago, I was in Burma, my friends and I were working for the local government. They were trying to buy the loyalty of tribal leaders by bribing them with precious stones. But their caravans were being raided in a forest north of Rangoon by a bandit. So we went looking for the stones. But in six months, we never found anyone who traded with him. Then, one day I saw a child playing with a ruby the size of a tangerine. The bandit had been throwing them away."
    "para": "Caravans were being raided in a forest north of Rangoon by a bandit. So we went looking for the stones, but in six months, we never found anyone who traded with him. Then, one day I saw a child playing with a ruby the size of a tangerine. The bandit had been throwing them away."
    "para": "Let me get this straight. You think that your client, one of the wealthiest, most powerful men in the world, is secretly a vigilante who spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands? And your plan is to blackmail this person?"
    "para": "Do I really look like a guy with a plan? You know what I am? I'm a dog chasing cars. I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it. You know, I just do things. The mob has plans, the cops have plans, you know, they're schemers. Schemers trying to control their worlds. I'm not a schemer. I try to show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are."
    "para": "Do I really look like a guy with a plan? You know what I am? I'm a dog chasing cars. I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it. You know, I just do things. I'm not a schemer. I try to show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are."
    "para": "It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting, he thought, as he looked again at the position of the sun, and hurried his pace. He had suddenly remembered that, in Tarifa, there was an old woman who interpreted dreams."
    "para": "It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting, he thought, as he looked again at the position of the sun, and hurried his pace."
    "para": "He had spent enormous amounts of time at the great libraries of the world, and had purchased all the rarest and most important volumes on alchemy. In one he had read that, many years ago, a famous Arabian alchemist had visited Europe. It was said that he had discovered the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life."
    "para": "Many years ago, a famous Arabian alchemist had visited Europe. It was said that he had discovered the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life."
    "para": "He canceled all his commitments and"
    "para": "The most precious treasures we have"
    "para": "Language is one of the keys to being human. It allows us to communicate with other human beings and to leave a legacy of our thoughts and actions for future generations. The dominant temporal lobe helps to process sounds and written words into meaningful information."
    "para": "In short order, Carter then proceeded to kill any chance he had of securing reelection. In American political discourse, fundamental threats are by definition external. Nazi Germany, Imperial Japan, or international communism could threaten the United States. Yet Carter now dared to suggest that the real danger to American democracy lay within."
    "para": "Prior to the 1970's, because the United States had long been the world's number one producer of petroleum, American companies determined the global price of oil. In 1972, domestic oil production peaked and then began its inexorable, irreversible decline. The year before, the prerogative of setting the price of crude oil had passed into the hands of a new producer group, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries."
    "para": "In 1972, domestic oil production peaked and then began its inexorable, irreversible decline. The year before, the prerogative of setting the price of crude oil had passed into the hands of a new producer group, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries."
    "para": "For it is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to apply it well. The greatest souls are capable of the greatest vices as well as the greatest virtues. And those who proceed only very slowly can make much greater progress, provided they always follow the right path, than those who hurry and stray from it."
    "para": "For it is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to apply it well. The greatest souls are capable of the greatest vices as well as the greatest virtues."
    "para": "Those who proceed only very slowly can make much greater progress, provided they always follow the right path, than those who hurry and stray from it."
    "para": "All that year the animals worked like slaves. But they were happy in their work; they grudged no effort or sacrifice, well aware that everything that they did was for the benefit of themselves and those of their kind who would come after them."
    "para": "All that year the animals worked like slaves. But they were happy in their work; they grudged no effort or sacrifice, well aware that everything that they did was for the benefit of themselves and those of their kind who would come after them, and not for a pack of idle, thieving human beings."
    "para": "There is a theory which states that if anybody ever discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened."
    "para": "There is a theory which states that if anybody ever discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable."
    "para": "For centuries, the battle of"
    "para": "Whether you're a student, secretary, office administrator, manager, computer programmer, or engineer; whether you use a PC, laptop, or typewriter - typing is an invaluable skill. It's a skill that can open doors and enhance your career opportunities. In this high-tech world of computer-generated communications, anyone who can't type runs the risk of being excluded from many business transactions."
    "para": "Whether you're a student, secretary, office administrator, manager, computer programmer, or engineer, typing is an invaluable skill. It's a skill that can open doors and enhance your career opportunities."
    "para": "Whether you use a PC, laptop, or typewriter - typing is an invaluable skill. It's a skill that can open doors and enhance your career opportunities."
    "para": "When you are typing on a typewriter, your input appears directly on paper. When you are typing on a computer, your input appears on a screen and is transferred to paper after the proper command has been given."
    "para": "Even the best-designed chair won't make up for bad posture. Bad posture is the root of many physical problems. So sit upright and don't slouch. Your back should be straight to support the upper part of your body."
    "para": "Commas and periods always go inside quotation marks. Colons and semicolons always go outside quotation marks. Question marks and exclamation points go inside quotation marks when they apply to the quoted material only. They go outside when they apply to the entire sentence."
    "para": "Commas and periods always go inside quotation marks. Colons and semicolons always go outside quotation marks."
    "para": "Question marks and exclamation points go inside quotation marks when they apply to the quoted material only. They go outside when they apply to the entire sentence."
    "para": "Ergonomics is a term that combines the Greek word ergon, meaning \"work,\" and the English word economics. Simply stated, it is \"the study and management of the relationship between the worker and the environment.\""
    "para": "A computer needs a manager to administer its operations, just as a company needs a manager. And that is what DOS is. A manager."
    "para": "A computer needs a manager to administer its operations, just as a company needs a manager. And that is what DOS is. A manager. It manages the operations in your computer."
    "para": "Your primary objective should be to touch-type; that is, to type without looking at your fingers. If you turn your head back and forth between the keyboard and the copy, you will not only give yourself a stiff neck but will also slow down, make errors, and lose your place."
    "para": "Your primary objective should be to touch-type; that is, to type without looking at your fingers."
    "para": "There is a trick for learning to type faster. That trick is to type words rather than letters."
    "para": "Imagine considering \"if\" as a two-finger movement instead of two single-finger movements: Thus, whenever you saw the word \"if\" you would immediately start twitching your right forefinger and left forefinger (preferably in the correct order). This would definitely increase your response time and speed up your keyboarding."
    "para": "Imagine words like \"if\" as a two-finger movement instead of two single-finger movements. This would definitely increase your response time and speed up your keyboarding."
    "para": "The ultimate way to compose is to be able to keyboard as fast as you can think. This is not easy to do, but your goal should be at least to develop the ability to think of the word and have the appropriate fingers tap the appropriate keys without interrupting the thinking process so your thoughts can flow onto the screen."
    "para": "The ultimate way to compose is to be able to keyboard as fast as you can think so your thoughts can flow onto the screen."
    "para": "The world of typing has changed. In the 1970s, every business had rooms full of secretaries whose job it was to type letters that had been hand-written. They were copying the writing into a more readable format. In the early 1980s, the personal computer became a common office machine."
    "para": "Keying text quickly is important, but it is more important to be able to make it look professional. Presenting text is more than just placing one letter after another. Making the text readable involves positioning, style, and size."
    "para": "Keying text quickly is important, but it is more important to be able to make it look professional. Making the text readable involves positioning, style, and size."
    "para": "Too often writers believe that they can emphasize words by putting them in all capital letters. The only problem is that when all capital letters are used, the ability to read the words is reduced dramatically because all the letters are rectangles. A more effective way to emphasize words is sparingly to use bold, italics, underline, and combinations of these styles."
    "para": "Your ring finger is the most difficult of all fingers to control. You will notice that when you move your ring finger your other fingers will move involuntarily as well. This is something that will become less of a problem as you perfect your keyboarding skills."
    "para": "Take a break. Shake your hands loosely at the wrists. Stretch your arms above your head. Slowly turn your head from side to side. Stand up and walk around a little to relax your body."
    "para": "On a manual typewriter, strike the"
    "para": "All typewriters are adjusted to type 6 lines to the inch from top to bottom. You should leave a top margin of one and a half inches (9 lines)."
    "para": "The typewriter had a problem, though. Try to type quickly on it, and the type bars banged into one another and got stuck. The solution to that problem resulted in the keyboard we know today."
    "para": "Sholes consulted with an educator who helped him analyze the most common pairings of letters in the English language. He then split up those letters so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row. In a manner of speaking, he slowed down the typists to prevent jamming, and thus speed up the typing."
    "para": "Sholes consulted with an educator who helped him analyze the most common pairings of letters in the English language. He then split up those letters so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row."
    "para": "Sholes split up the most common pairings of letters in the English language so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row."
    "para": "In 1873 the Sholes & Glidden Type Writer became the first to be mass produced, and its keyboard layout was soon standard on all typewriters. Other keyboard layouts have been created since, such as the Blickensderfer and the Dvorak, and some are demonstrably more efficient, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first."
    "para": "Other keyboard layouts have been created since, and some are demonstrably more efficient, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first."
    "para": "Other keyboard layouts have been created since, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first."
    "para": "Typing competitions provided another test of the Qwerty keyboard. These competitions are somewhat underplayed in the conventional history. In fact, typing contests and demonstrations of speed were fairly common during this period. They involved many different machines, with various manufacturers claiming to hold the speed record."
    "para": "Typing competitions provided another test of the Qwerty keyboard. These competitions are somewhat underplayed in the conventional history. They involved many different machines, with various manufacturers claiming to hold the speed record."
    "para": "Under the headline \"Wonderful Typing,\" the New York Times reported on a typing demonstration given the previous day in Brooklyn by a Thomas Osborne of Rochester, New York. The Times reported that Mr. Osborne \"holds the championship for fast typing, having accomplished 126 words a minute at Toronto August 13, 1888.\""
    "para": "According to the popular story, the keyboard invented by August Dvorak, a professor of education at the University of Washington, is vastly superior to the Qwerty keyboard developed by Christopher Sholes that is now in common use. We are to believe that, although the Dvorak keyboard is vastly superior to the Qwerty, virtually no one trains on Dvorak because there are too few Dvorak typists."
    "para": "That Qwerty survived significant challenges early in the history of typewriting demonstrates that it is at least among the reasonably fit, even if not the fittest that can be imagined."
    "para": "These contests provided ample opportunity to demonstrate the superiority of alternative keyboard arrangements. That Qwerty survived significant challenges early in the history of typewriting demonstrates that it is at least among the reasonably fit, even if not the fittest that can be imagined."
    "para": "The evidence in the standard history of Qwerty versus Dvorak is flawed and incomplete. First, the claims for the superiority of the Dvorak keyboard are suspect. The most dramatic claims are traceable to Dvorak himself, and the best-documented experiments, as well as recent ergonomic studies, suggest little or no advantage for the Dvorak keyboard."
    "para": "I'd just like to point out that you were given every opportunity to succeed. There was even going to be a party for you. A big party that all your friends were invited to. I invited your best friend the companion cube. Of course, he couldn't come because you murdered him. All your other friends couldn't come either because you don't have any other friends."
    "para": "Since every piece of matter in the Universe is in some way affected by every other piece of matter in the Universe, it is in theory possible to extrapolate the whole of creation - every sun, every planet, their orbits, their composition and their economic and social history from, say, one small piece of fairy cake."
    "para": "This planet has, or rather had, a problem, which was this: most of the people on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper, which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy."
    "para": "The Earth is a world, the world is"
    "para": "We've arranged a global civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology. We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster."
    "para": "In the witch trials, it was nearly impossible to provide compelling alibis for accused witches: The rules of evidence had a special character. For example, in more than one case a husband attested that his wife was asleep in his arms at the very moment she was accused of frolicking with the devil; but the archbishop patiently explained that a demon had taken the place of the wife."
    "para": "Lucid but wholly false recollections can easily be induced by a few cues and questions. Memory can be contaminated. False memories can be implanted even in minds that do not consider themselves vulnerable and uncritical."
    "para": "Lucid but wholly false recollections can easily be induced by a few cues and questions. Memory can be contaminated."
    "para": "At first they had tried to keep the"
    "para": "At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message. A premature or mistaken announcement would be a public relations disaster."
    "para": "At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message."
    "para": "One respondent said \"For women - a lot of games are crap - they're about armies and shooting. Ninety percent of games are not what I consider provocative for a broad audience.\" This seems to be a common concern."
    "para": "Humans need to practice what they are learning a good deal before they master it. Furthermore, they tend to lose a good deal of their learning when they cease to practice the skills associated with this learning in their daily lives."
    "para": "Good games offer players a set of"
    "para": "Good games stay within, but at the outer edge, of the player's regime of competence. That is, they feel doable but challenging. This makes them pleasantly frustrating - a flow state for human beings."
    "para": "Good games stay within, but at the outer edge, of the player's regime of competence. That is, they feel doable but challenging. This makes them pleasantly frustrating."
    "para": "It is possible that I already had some presentiment of my future. The locked and rusted gate that stood before us, with wisps of river fog threading its spikes like the mountain paths, remains in my mind now as the symbol of my exile."
    "para": "Yet one fine day, in a fit of euphoria, after he had picked up the telephone and taken an order for bonds that had brought him a fifty thousand dollar commission, just like that, this very phrase had bubbled up into his brain. On Wall Street he and a few others had become precisely that - Masters of the Universe."
    "para": "I am learning about twenty new Italian words a day. Where am I getting the brain space to store these words? I'm hoping that maybe my mind has decided to clear out some old negative thoughts and sad memories and replace them with these shiny new words."
    "para": "All time is all time. It does not change. It does not lend itself to warnings or explanations. It simply is. Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I've said before, bugs in amber."
    "para": "I had a friend who was a heavy drinker. If somebody asked him if he'd been drunk the night before, he would always answer off-handedly, \"Oh, I imagine.\" I've always liked that answer. It acknowledges life as a dream."
    "para": "Good evening, London. Allow me first to apologize for this interruption. I do, like many of you, appreciate the comforts of everyday routine - the security of the familiar, the tranquility of repetition. I enjoy them as much as any bloke. But in the spirit of commemoration, I thought we could mark this November the 5th, a day that is sadly no longer remembered, by taking some time out of our daily lives to sit down and have a little chat."
    "para": "Allow me first to apologize for this interruption. I do, like many of you, appreciate the comforts of everyday routine - the security of the familiar, the tranquility of repetition. I enjoy them as much as any bloke."
    "para": "I hope that whoever you are, you escape this place. I hope that the world turns and that things get better. But what I hope most of all is that you understand what I mean when I tell you that even though I do not know you, and even though I may never meet you, laugh with you, cry with you, or kiss you, I love you."
    "para": "I was shaking like a leaf, so without thinking I lit up a cigarette on the airplane to calm my nerves. I was trembling, I was very emotional and that's when all the rest of it happened. It's very regrettable. Now, I don't want to kick up a fuss, press charges, contact the British embassy. I'd rather not pursue those channels, that's not my style. I'm not that sort of a bloke."
    "para": "I know a bloke who knows a bloke"
    "para": "Involuntarily I glanced seaward - and distinguished nothing except a single green light, minute and far away, that might have been the end of a dock. When I looked once more for Gatsby he had vanished, and I was alone again in the unquiet darkness."
    "para": "Involuntarily I glanced seaward - and distinguished nothing except a single green light, minute and far away, that might have been the end of a dock."
    "para": "When we pulled out into the winter night and the real snow, our snow, began to stretch out beside us and twinkle against the windows, and the dim lights of small Wisconsin stations moved by, a sharp wild brace came suddenly into the air. We drew in deep breaths of it as we walked back from dinner through the cold vestibules, unutterably aware of our identity with this country for one strange hour, before we melted indistinguishably into it again."
    "para": "When we pulled out into the winter night and the real snow, our snow, began to stretch out beside us and twinkle against the windows, and the dim lights of small Wisconsin stations moved by, a sharp wild brace came suddenly into the air."
    "para": "Parisian French is different from Provincial French and German is spoken a little differently in northern and southern Germany. Sound complicated? Welcome to international business and politics."
    "para": "So what's in this for you? Should you rush out in search of a mission? Should you quit your job and find a goal? Probably not. But look around you. You may be on a mission, and not realize it yet. These are the good old days you'll look back on with pride. You might as well enjoy it now."
    "para": "So what's in this for you? Should you rush out in search of a mission? Should you quit your job and find a goal? Probably not. But look around you. You may be on a mission, and not realize it yet."
    "para": "Milt, with the excellent timing of a master comedy writer, waited until the guns were loaded and the noose was knotted before he turned back to the class. First, he repeated himself. \"There is no such thing as writer's block.\" Then he went on, \"There is only failure to make a decision.\""
    "para": "Quality humor doesn't just deliver"
    "para": "The beginner writes just twenty pieces. The professional writes three times what's needed, as many as sixty different bits, keeps trying them out on small groups (but never your own family), rewrites discards, rewrites some more, then finally settles on the twenty which work best for that specific audience."
    "para": "The beginner writes just twenty pieces. The professional writes three times what's needed, rewrites, discards, rewrites some more, then finally settles on the twenty which work best for that specific audience."
    "para": "Remember that humor is written backwards. That means you first find the cliche you want to work on, then build a story around it."
    "para": "One essential rule: make sure the joke is the last possible thought, and don't add other words to the sentences after the joke. If you do, the audience will think that your take-off was only a setup for a bigger laugh coming up."
    "para": "We all know people who are very bright but who do not always shine when it comes to being logical. They have the ability to think logically - that is, clearly and effectively - but that ability does not habitually manifest itself."
    "para": "We all know people who are very bright but who do not always shine when it comes to being logical. They have the ability to think logically but that ability does not habitually manifest itself."
    "para": "Often, we assume that a familiar situation will be but a repeat performance of a similar situation we've experienced before. But, in the strictest sense, there are no repeat performances. Every situation is unique, and we must be alert to its uniqueness."
    "para": "Facts can be thought of as objective or subjective. Things and events are objective facts. A subjective fact is one that is limited to the subject experiencing it. Establishing the reality of subjective facts depends entirely on the trustworthiness of those who claim to be experiencing them."
    "para": "Facts can be thought of as objective or subjective. Things and events are objective facts. A subjective fact is one that is limited to the subject experiencing it."
    "para": "I have quit three jobs and been fired from all the rest. Getting fired, despite sometimes coming as a surprise and leaving you scrambling to recover, is often a godsend: someone else makes the decision for you, and it's impossible to sit in the wrong job for the rest of your life."
    "para": "Being able to quit things that don't work is integral to being a winner. Going into a project or job without defining when worthwhile becomes wasteful is like going into a casino without a cap on what you will gamble: dangerous and foolish."
    "para": "The alternative to binge travel - the mini retirement - entails relocating to one place for one to six months before going home or moving to another locale. Rather than seeking to see the world, we aim to experience it at a speed that lets it change us."
    "para": "The alternative to binge travel entails relocating to one place for one to six months before going home. Rather than seeking to see the world, we aim to experience it at a speed that lets it change us."
    "para": "Let's face it: there are tons of things in your home and life that you don't use, need, or even particularly want. Whether you realize it or not, this clutter creates indecision and distractions, consuming attention and making unfettered happiness a real chore."
    "para": "It was hard to toss things I had once thought were valuable enough to spend money on and just as hard to separate myself from worn and ragged clothing I had for sentimental reasons. The first ten minutes of sorting through clothing was like choosing which child of mine should live or die. Once I'd passed through the first few tough decisions, though, the momentum had been built and it was a breeze."
    "para": "It was hard to toss things I had once thought were valuable enough to spend money on and just as hard to separate myself from worn and ragged clothing I had for sentimental reasons. Once I'd passed through the first few tough decisions, though, the momentum had been built and it was a breeze."
    "para": "Rebel spaceships, striking from a"
    "para": "Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy."
    "para": "During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon. Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy."
    "para": "And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon thee."
    "para": "Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children."
    "para": "Ever since I was a child, folks have thought they had me pegged, because of the way I am, the way I talk. And they're always wrong."
    "para": "I know what \"exacerbate\" means. There is not a word or a sentence or a concept that you can illuminate for me."
    "para": "If I leave here tomorrow, would you still remember me? For I must be traveling on now, 'cause there's too many places I've got to see. But if I stayed here with you, girl, things just couldn't be the same. 'Cause I'm as free as a bird now, and this bird you cannot change."
    "para": "If I leave here tomorrow, would you still remember me? For I must be traveling on now, 'cause there's too many places I've got to see."
    "para": "She's got eyes of the bluest skies as if they thought of rain. I hate to look into those eyes and see an ounce of pain. Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place where as a child I'd hide and pray for the thunder and the rain to quietly pass me by."
    "para": "Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place where as a child I'd hide and pray for the thunder and the rain to quietly pass me by."
    "para": "She's got a smile that, it seems to me, reminds me of childhood memories, where everything was as fresh as the bright blue sky. Now and then when I see her face she takes me away to that special place and if I'd stare too long I'd probably break down and cry."
    "para": "She's got a smile that, it seems to me, reminds me of childhood memories, where everything was as fresh as the bright blue sky."
    "para": "Is this the real life? Is this just"
    "para": "Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality. Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see."
    "para": "My friend, I shall be pedagogic, and say you ought to start with Logic. Days will be spent to let you know that what you once did at one blow, like eating and drinking so easy and free, can only be done with One, Two, Three."
    "para": "My friend, I shall be pedagogic, and say you ought to start with Logic. Even eating and drinking, so easy and free, can only be done with One, Two, Three."
    "para": "Yet the web of thought has no such creases and is more like a weaver's masterpieces; one step, a thousand threads arise, hither and thither shoots each shuttle, the threads flow on, unseen and subtle, each blow effects a thousand ties."
    "para": "With the coming of Dean Moriarty"
    "para": "With the coming of Dean Moriarty began the part of my life you could call my life on the road. Before that I'd often dreamed of going West to see the country, always vaguely planning and never taking off."
    "para": "Dean is the perfect guy for the road because he actually was born on the road, when his parents were passing through Salt Lake City."
    "para": "I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived."
    "para": "Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover. Many rivers to cross and it's only my will that keeps me alive. I've been licked, washed up for years, and I merely survive because of my pride."
    "para": "Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover. Many rivers to cross and it's only my will that keeps me alive."
    "para": "Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover."
    "para": "People get ready, there's a train coming. You don't need no baggage, you just get on board. All you need is faith to hear the diesels humming. Don't need no ticket, you just thank the Lord."
    "para": "You've got a way to keep me on your side. You give me cause for love that I can't hide. For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide. Because you're mine, I walk the line."
    "para": "I remember when we used to sit in the government yard in Trenchtown. Observing the hypocrites as they would mingle with the good people we meet. Good friends we had, good friends we lost along the way. In this bright future you can't forget your past, so dry your tears, I say."
    "para": "I had a job, I had a girl. I had something going, mister, in this world. I got laid off down at the lumber yard, our love went bad, times got hard. Now I work down at the carwash, where all it ever does is rain. Don't you feel like you're a rider on a downbound train."
    "para": "Every time I think of you I feel"
    "para": "Every time I think of you I feel shot right through with a bolt of blue. It's no problem of mine but it's a problem I find, living a life that I can't leave behind."
    "para": "Most popular song lyrics have two sections - a verse and a bridge, where the bridge offers a contrast to the verse but is not the place where the song is summarized - or a verse and a chorus. A chorus is the high-point of a lyric's energy as well as the music's energy."
    "para": "Most popular song lyrics have two sections - a verse and a bridge, where the bridge offers a contrast to the verse but is not the place where the song is summarized."
    "para": "A chorus is the high-point of a lyric's energy as well as the music's energy. In the chorus you declare what the song is really about."
    "para": "Whether they use the title or not, many lyrics have evocative first lines that grab the listener's attention. Often thinking of a good first line can make the rest of the lyric flow."
    "para": "Rhymes trap you into saying things"
    "para": "Rhymes trap you into saying things you don't want to say. A word like \"fire\" is a good example. Before you know it you're reaching for desire, or to get higher, or calling someone a liar."
    "para": "There was a stage and a PA up in western Massachusetts and the kids came from miles around to get messed up on the music. And she drove from Bowdoin with a carload of girlfriends to meet some boys and maybe eat some mushrooms."
    "para": "There was a stage and a PA up in western Massachusetts and the kids came from miles around to get messed up on the music. And she drove down from Bowdoin with a carload of girlfriends, to meet some boys and maybe eat some mushrooms. And they did, and she got sick, and now she's pinned and way too shaky."
    "para": "He was rough around the edges. He'd been to school, but never finished. He'd been to jail, but never prison. And it was his first day off in forever, man. The festival seemed like a pretty good plan."
    "para": "He was rough around the edges. He'd been to school, but never finished. He'd been to jail, but never prison. And it was his first day off in forever, man. The festival seemed like a pretty good plan: cruise some chicks and get a suntan. And his friend gave him four, but said only take one. But then he got bored and he ended up taking all four, so now my man ain't that bored anyways. The paramedics found him, he was shaking on the side of the stage."
    "para": "In general, many of these targets"
    "para": "Specialized uniforms, such as nun and priest garb, can be most helpful. Check out your local uniform store for a wide range of clothes that will get you in, and especially out, of all kinds of stores."
    "para": "In general, many of these targets are easier marks if you are wearing the correct uniform. You should always have one suit or fashionable dress outfit hanging in the closet for the proper heists."
    "para": "There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Sew a plastic bag onto your tee-shirt or belt and wear a loose-fitting jacket or coat to cover any noticeable bulge. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag. Another trick is to pour your second free cup of hot coffee into the plastic bag sewed inside your pocket and take it with you."
    "para": "There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag."
    "para": "There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag. Another trick is to pour your second free cup of hot coffee into the plastic bag sewed inside your pocket and take it with you."
    "para": "They say that right after God created man, he took a rib from him and made a chick. That's actually a bit of a creation myth - the truth is, after God saw that man was good, he created another man and saw that it was all good."
    "para": "All Ninja are men of peace, and must always remain so or lose many of the special powers they have developed. Beyond this, the Ninja are also adept at fieldcraft, infiltrating, and espionage. Because of their scouting skills and peripheral kinesthetic sensitivity, Ninja customarily surprise their opponents slightly more than half the time."
    "para": "All Ninja are men of peace, and must always remain so or lose many of the special powers they have developed. Beyond this, the Ninja are also adept at fieldcraft, infiltrating, and espionage."
    "para": "Because of their scouting skills and peripheral kinesthetic sensitivity, Ninja customarily surprise their opponents slightly more than half the time."
    "para": "Many people limit themselves to leading boring, dull lives by accepting the judgment of others that they are of low intelligence. This is not so. Just because one does not process sensory information and replay it the same way as everyone else does not mean that there is a lack of comprehension or interest."
    "para": "Many people limit themselves to leading boring, dull lives by accepting the judgment of others that they are of low intelligence. This is not so."
    "para": "The goal of the true seeker is to become a sage, or superior man. There are certain immutable laws of the universe, which the sage must be in harmony with. Different Ninja sects espouse some laws in particular, according them greater significance than the others. But each law is essential in its own right, and must be considered equal to the rest."
    "para": "The goal of the true seeker is to become a sage, or superior man. There are certain immutable laws of the universe, which the sage must be in harmony with. Different Ninja sects espouse some laws in particular, but each law is essential in its own right, and must be considered equal to the rest."
    "para": "A zealot might be, for instance, an individual with a personal motive for revenge so overpowering that it ensures complete dedication to the cause. Or, through intensive training and psychological manipulation, an elite team of fanatic followers can be trained to sacrifice even their own lives to accomplish a given mission."
    "para": "Through intensive training and psychological manipulation, an elite team of fanatic followers can be trained to sacrifice even their own lives to accomplish a given mission."
    "para": "Contrary to the feminist cant, there are many things we can learn from men's perspective about life and personal identity. To refuse to learn anything that could prove beneficial to yourself is a working definition of stupid."
    "para": "I sincerely believe that if women study male lessons on concepts of assertion, courage, destiny, purpose, honor, dreams, endeavor, perseverance, goal orientation, etc., they would have a more fulfilling life, pick better men with whom to be intimate, and have better relationships with them."
    "para": "Jay made up for the lack of glamour in his assignment by having a romance with a local miller's daughter, which he initiated by letting air out of her bicycle tires. He also earned himself a promotion to lieutenant on the strength of his commonsense suggestion that the army could save lots of cargo space by deboning beef before shipping it overseas."
    "para": "Jay earned himself a promotion to lieutenant on the strength of his commonsense suggestion that the army could save lots of cargo space by deboning beef before shipping it overseas."
    "para": "Instead of hiring workers during the peak hog kill in the winter and then laying them off when the work slowed down, Jay had instituted a system of paying workers a steady wage year-round. A 1937 Fortune magazine article about this and other progressive labor policies at Hormel might well shock those familiar only with the company's labor relations in the 1980s."
    "para": "Instead of hiring workers during the peak hog kill in the winter and then laying them off when the work slowed down, Jay had instituted a system of paying workers a steady wage year-round."
    "para": "To some, the rules of etiquette may seem outdated, stuffy and unnecessary, but the fact remains that they serve as a sort of social weed-whacker eliminating unsavory growths from popping up in the world's finer gardens. The truth is that first impressions are usually lasting ones, and a bad first impression can sometimes be insurmountable."
    "para": "To some, the rules of etiquette may seem outdated, stuffy and unnecessary, but the fact remains that they serve as a sort of social weed-whacker eliminating unsavory growths from popping up in the world's finer gardens."
    "para": "We might begin by asking why the pregnant man image has been a source of continued fascination throughout the centuries. Mythology, folklore, religion, literature, science, politics, philosophy, anthropology, and psychology as well as theater, film, television, visual culture, and cyberspace all have scores of images and tales attesting to its appeal."
    "para": "When considering the cultural significance of this intriguing interlude, we might begin by asking why the pregnant man image has been a source of continued fascination throughout the centuries."
    "para": "When Betty and Billy fell asleep, he walked down to the kitchen to see if there was anything around to eat. He managed to open the cupboard door with his nose and found the 25-pound bag of low-fart dog biscuits the vet had prescribed for him, which had made him fart more. Even though he knew they made him fart more, he couldn't resist. He ate the entire bag."
    "para": "He managed to open the cupboard door with his nose and found the 25-pound bag of low-fart dog biscuits the vet had prescribed for him, which had made him fart more. Even though he knew they made him fart more, he couldn't resist. He ate the entire bag."
    "para": "Is it sweeter to exist only in the mind or to exist both in the mind and in reality? Flipping out and wailing on guitars is much sweeter when someone is actually doing it. So when we conceive of the sweetest being ever, we are conceiving of the being that exists both in the mind and in reality."
    "para": "When we conceive of the sweetest being ever, we are conceiving of the being that exists both in the mind and in reality. Since the ninja is that being than which nothing sweeter can be conceived and that being exists in the mind and in reality, the ninja exists in reality."
    "para": "Is it sweeter to exist only in the mind or to exist both in the mind and in reality? Flipping out and wailing on guitars is much sweeter when someone is actually doing it."
    "para": "Since the ninja is that being than which nothing sweeter can be conceived and that being exists in the mind and in reality, the ninja exists in reality."
    "para": "Webster defines intelligence as, \"the ability to apprehend interrelationships of the perceived facts (and situations) in order to appropriately guide actions toward desired goals.\" In other words, the intelligent person is able to identify a problem and find its optimum solution. Hence, intelligence is effectiveness."
    "para": "The intelligent person is able to identify a problem and find its optimum solution. Hence, intelligence is effectiveness."
    "para": "There are two kinds of fibers in our muscles, red and white. When an athlete trains for long distance running, he or she builds more red muscle fibers than white muscle fibers in his calf muscles. A sprinter has more white muscles. If you retrain a marathon runner to be a sprinter, most of the muscle fibers will convert to white muscles."
    "para": "There are two kinds of fibers in our muscles, red and white. Red muscle fibers enable us to maintain long-term, low stress activity. White muscle fibers are specialized for fast, rapid movements."
    "para": "The idea of \"Mr. Right\" has been passed down over the generations that for every woman there is the perfect man for her. I laugh at the whole notion and you should too. Here's why: The concept of a perfect match, one that requires no efforts on your part, creates unreasonable expectations that force a disparity between \"ideal\" and \"reality\" that always leads to disappointment."
    "para": "I laugh at the whole notion of \"Mr. Right\" and you should too. Here's why: The concept of a perfect match, one that requires no efforts on your part, creates unreasonable expectations that force a disparity between \"ideal\" and \"reality\" that always leads to disappointment."
    "para": "The truth of the matter is that there are a lot of available men (and more than enough who are not \"available,\" but will still try) of varying quality, that you can choose from, but the odds are that you will generally meet the worst of them."
    "para": "The odds are that you will generally meet the worst of them. The reason is that men who have something going for them in their lives, men who passionately live life with a purpose, are usually too busy living their dreams to hang out \"trolling for chicks.\""
    "para": "Everything we hold dear likewise resolves into its original essence: values, principles, goals, and aspirations. If we take them seriously, we will suffer when they are stolen from us, just as the Lord Buddha taught. But if we see that they are all farts in the wind, and let them fly, then we can dwell in the original essence, which is fragrant and sweet, instead of the fart, which is not."
    "para": "In the English language, swearing is essential to effective communication. Whether you want to succeed in business, school, or social circles, a strong command of vocabulary is absolutely necessary."
    "para": "Unlike the other four senses located in the logical regions of the forebrain, our sense of smell is wired directly into the limbic system, the so-called \"reptilian\" cellar of the brain responsible for our most basic emotions, from rage to lust."
    "para": "Gardeners know how to grow top-notch crops. They determine which plants thrive best under available conditions, plan their optimum placement, and nourish the seeds with plant food and water. Plants that receive the most attention thrive, blossoming into colorful fruits and flowers."
    "para": "The sooner your kids appreciate the value of work, the more successful they will be. Work is part of life. You work to earn money, put food on the table, and keep your homes orderly and clean. For your kids, work involves schoolwork, homework, and teamwork at home and in the community."
    "para": "I know that the idea of raising well-rounded, smarter kids can be daunting. And sadly, no easy formula exists. Kids are as complex, varied, and exciting individuals as you are. The good news is that your child has a natural desire to do well. Your job as parent is to bring out this quality and cherish it until the day your kids leave home, and then some."
    "para": "The good news is that your child"
    "para": "After removal from the oven, the pizza is sliced and plated quickly in a flat cardboard box, which is immediately closed and often taped shut. There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane."
    "para": "There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane. The procedure reduces the heat-transfer problem to one dimension represented by a vector normal to the pizza surface."
    "para": "There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane."
    "para": "After removal from the oven, the pizza is sliced and plated quickly in a flat cardboard box, which is immediately closed and often taped shut."
    "para": "Three changes occur while the stacked disk structure equilibrates with the high-temperature oven. First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella undergoes a complex series of transitions involving protein denaturation and lipid rearrangement from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states."
    "para": "First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella undergoes a complex series of transitions involving protein denaturation and lipid rearrangement from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states."
    "para": "First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella transitions from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states."
    "para": "From compositional considerations the tomato layer would be expected to have a relatively high heat capacity and low conductance. It thus serves as a buffer between the mozzarella and the baked dough."
    "para": "The melted mozzarella layer, which we shall designate MML, is the obvious source of trauma to the roof of the mouth and from the point of view of medical physics is clearly the key agent in the etiology of pizza burn."
    "para": "Radiation could be precisely determined, in principle, if we knew the reflectance of mozzarella and the cardboard in the long-wavelength regions of interest. The process is clearly governed by the Stefan-Boltzmann fourth power radiation law. Here, the oregano and other trace materials sitting on the surface might be of some importance if they changed the surface radiance in any appreciable way."
    "para": "Radiation could be precisely determined, in principle, if we knew the reflectance of mozzarella and the cardboard in the long-wavelength regions of interest."
    "para": "Here, the oregano and other trace materials sitting on the surface might be of some importance if they changed the surface radiance in any appreciable way."
    "para": "Convection also plays a minor role because of the relative thinness of the air layer and the presence of the upper cardboard heat shield. The insulation properties of the cardboard play a major role, since they serve to minimize the temperature gradient across the airspace. By studying the cooling of pizza in the gravity free environment of the space shuttle, we could more exactly determine the importance of convective flows."
    "para": "Convection also plays a minor role because of the relative thinness of the air layer and the presence of the upper cardboard heat shield. The insulation properties of the cardboard play a major role, since they serve to minimize the temperature gradient across the airspace."
    "para": "By studying the cooling of pizza in the gravity free environment of the space shuttle, we could more exactly determine the importance of convective flows."
    "para": "We may climb into the thin and cold realm of pure geometry and lifeless science, or sink into that of sensation. Between these extremes is the equator of life, of thought, or spirit, or poetry - a narrow belt."
    "para": "Every craft and every investigation, and likewise every action and decision, seems to aim at some good; hence the good has been well described as that at which everything aims. However, there is an apparent difference among the ends aimed at. For the end is sometimes an activity, sometimes a product beyond the activity; and when there is an end beyond the action, the product is by nature better than the activity."
    "para": "Every craft and every investigation, and likewise every action and decision, seems to aim at some good; hence the good has been well described as that at which everything aims."
    "para": "The time has come for man to set himself a goal. The time has come for man to plant the seed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it. Alas, the time is coming when man will no longer shoot the arrow of his longing beyond man, and the string of his bow will have forgotten how to whir."
    "para": "The time has come for man to set himself a goal. The time has come for man to plant the seed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it."
    "para": "The time has come for man to plant the seed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it."
    "para": "But if in efficient causes it is"
    "para": "Consider this: Is the pious being loved by the gods because it is pious, or is it pious because it is being loved by the Gods?"
    "para": "We speak of something carried and something carrying, of something led and something leading, of something seen and something seeing, and you understand that these things are all different from one another and how they differ? So there is also something loved and - a different thing - something loving."
    "para": "Consider this: Is the pious being loved by the gods because it is pious, or is it pious because it is being loved by the Gods? We speak of something carried and something carrying, of something led and something leading, of something seen and something seeing, and you understand that these things are all different from one another and how they differ? So there is also something loved and - a different thing - something loving."
    "para": "It's a blue savanna song: somewhere cross the desert, sometime in the early hours, in a restless world, on the open highways. My home is where the heart is, sweet to surrender, to you only - I send my love to you."
    "para": "We go waiting for the stars to come showering down. From Moscow to Mars, universe falling down. You got to look real hard there's a fiery star hidden out there somewhere. Not the satellite of love but a laser shooting out its shiny tongue there."
    "para": "We were playing checkers. I used to kid her once in a while because she wouldn't take her kings out of the back row. But I didn't kid her much though. You never wanted to kid Jane too much. I think I really like it best when you can kid the pants off a girl when the opportunity arises, but it's a funny thing. The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding. Sometimes I think they'd like it if you kidded them - in fact I know they would - but it's hard to get started, once you've known them a pretty long time and never kidded them."
    "para": "We were playing checkers. I used to kid her once in a while because she wouldn't take her kings out of the back row. But I didn't kid her much though. You never wanted to kid Jane too much. I think I really like it best when you can kid the pants off a girl when the opportunity arises, but it's a funny thing. The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding."
    "para": "The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding. Sometimes I think they'd like it if you kidded them - in fact I know they would - but it's hard to get started, once you've known them a pretty long time and never kidded them."
    "para": "Stab a sorry heart with your favorite finger. Paint the whole world blue and stop your tears from stinging. Hear the cavemen singing. Good news they're bringing. Seven seas, swimming them so well. Glad to see my face among them kissing the tortoise shell."
    "para": "Burning my bridges and smashing my mirrors, turning to see if you're cowardly. Burning the witches with modern religions, you'll strike the matches and shower me. In water games washing the rocks below. Taught and tamed in time with tear flow."
    "para": "Two years ago this property cost one million pounds. Today, it costs five million. How did this happen? Attractive tax opportunities for foreign investment, restrictive building consent and massive hedge fund bonuses. London, my good man, is fast becoming the financial and cultural capital of the world. And of course the Russians have come to town."
    "para": "Two years ago this property cost one million pounds. Today, it costs five million. How did this happen? Attractive tax opportunities for foreign investment, restrictive building consent and massive hedge fund bonuses. London, my good man, is fast becoming the financial and cultural capital of the world."
    "para": "I don't want tickets, I need you to find me a painting, a classic, been nicked out of Lenny's house. And since you got more feet on the street than coppers on the beat, I'd like you to assist. I'll leave you a little livener. There's a large twenty to get some tongues wagging."
    "para": "Right, I am going to tell you how this works. You're going in the drink and I am going to make a cup of tea. Underneath the floor boards is the famous river Thames. I hope for your sakes you can hold your breath for as long as it takes to boil that kettle. After that, I am going to ask you a question, one question. You are going to give me a name and if it's the right name, I send you home warm and dry in a fresh set of clothes. If it's the wrong name, you'll be fed to the crayfish."
    "para": "You're going in the drink and I am going to make a cup of tea. Underneath the floor boards is the famous river Thames. I hope for your sakes you can hold your breath for as long as it takes to boil that kettle. After that, I am going to ask you a question."
    "para": "The term \"barbarian\" was created by the Greeks; it was originally used to denote any foreigner. Since then it has gained a more negative connotation, and it is commonly applied to civilizations deemed \"inferior\" to one's own."
    "para": "The basis of the Aztecs' success in certaing a great state and ultimately an empire was their remarkable system of agriculture, which featured intensive cultivation of all available land, as well as elaborate systems of irrigation and reclamation of swampland. The high productivity gained by these methods made for a rich and populous state."
    "para": "The basis of the Aztecs' success in certaing a great state and ultimately an empire was their remarkable system of agriculture, which featured intensive cultivation of all available land, as well as elaborate systems of irrigation and reclamation of swampland."
    "para": "For all its apparent strength, the Aztec Empire had vulnerabilities that the Spanish were able to exploit. The tiny Spanish force was able to attract a massive army of some 30,000 Mesoamericans of many different tribes."
    "para": "Aztec rule was based upon a system of tribute and fear over the surrounding peoples; every year, they were forced to pay the Aztecs money, goods, and a supply of captives to be sacrificed on the altar. Taking advantage of this resentment of their Aztec overlords, the tiny Spanish force was able to attract a massive army of some 30,000 Mesoamericans of many different tribes."
    "para": "The basic concept is simple: a satellite in geosynchronous orbit is connected by cable to a stationary or mobile platform somewhere on Earth's equator. An elevator would ride up and down the cable at a fraction of present costs. Many sane and sober people believe that a space elevator will be constructed within this century."
    "para": "By the early 1990s the first Internet language (HTTP) was written and the first browser was published. The World Wide Web was born."
    "para": "In 1969 four computers located around the country were in communication with each other through ARPANET. By the mid-1980s, the core of the network was in place, the communications protocols had been determined, and the Internet was live. By the early 1990s the first Internet language (http) was written and the first browser was published. The World Wide Web was born."
    "para": "Music finds a comfortable parallel"
    "para": "The theory of music emphasizes the elements from which music is composed. One such structure is the melody, which is a grouping of musical notes that combine into a basic, but immensely flexible structure. Another is the chord, which is two or more notes played simultaneously to create a harmony."
    "para": "Alfred Hitchcock once said, \"Drama is life with the dull bits cut out.\" Reflecting the interesting (and often) tragic parts of \"life\" on the stage was an important part of the ancient world, and helped to shape our modern culture."
    "para": "Alfred Hitchcock once said, \"Drama is life with the dull bits cut out.\" If he'd been alive during ancient times, he might have uttered these same words when facing a play from Euripides. Reflecting the interesting (and often) tragic parts of \"life\" on the stage was an important part of the ancient world, and helped to shape our modern culture."
    "para": "As civilizations grew, humans spread out across the face of the planet, taking what they needed from the land and producing more and more waste materials with little regard for the future."
    "para": "For centuries, human society has taken the gifts of nature for granted. As civilizations grew, humans spread out across the face of the planet, taking what they needed from the land and producing more and more waste materials with little regard for the future."
    "para": "In the late 1960s, a growing number of people became concerned about the growing problems of pollution and the destruction of natural habitats. This movement led to the formation of groups like the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The primary goal of the environmental movement as a whole is to make sure that the environment is safe and intact for future generations to enjoy."
    "para": "The invention of the wheel represented a major turning point in human civilization. The first wheels, disks carved from solid wood, may have been built as early as 3500 BC. The earliest use of this device was the potter's wheel, used to spin and shape clay pottery."
    "para": "The invention of the wheel represented a major turning point in human civilization. Besides its use in transportation, the wheel went on to become the basic principle behind almost every mechanical device."
    "para": "The Inca believed that if one did not give thanks and obedience to the gods, bad things would happen. The world of the Andes Mountains is full of ecological wonders - and ecological disasters such as earthquakes, severe storms, and volcanic activity."
    "para": "Today, computers have taken this ancient art out of the craftsman's workshop and placed it on the desktop. Desktop publishing revolutionized the creation of printed documents, not only from the standpoint of speed and accuracy, but also by enabling anyone to mass-produce the printed word without investing the many years it takes to learn the trade."
    "para": "Desktop publishing revolutionized the creation of printed documents, not only from the standpoint of speed and accuracy, but also by enabling anyone to mass-produce the printed word."
    "para": "Paper as we know it today was invented in China in around 100 AD. Wood and other fibrous material is mixed with liquid and mashed into a pulp, which is then poured onto fine screens. The liquid drains away, leaving a thin layer of fibrous material on the wire. When this material dries, it becomes paper."
    "para": "Wood and other fibrous material is mixed with liquid and mashed into a pulp, which is then poured onto fine screens. The liquid drains away, leaving a thin layer of fibrous material on the wire. When this material dries, it becomes paper."
    "para": "Although the United Nations does not have the power to enforce decisions or compel nations to take military action, the ability to compel member nations to impose economic sanctions against countries guilty of violating security orders gives it significant power in the world stage."
    "para": "The development of a living body of literature became indicative of an advanced culture and are always correlated with advances in science, philosophy, theology, and art. Unfortunately the loss of many libraries, such as the Great Library of Alexandria in a civil war in the 3rd century AD, also heralded the loss of many of these irreplaceable texts."
    "para": "The development of a living body of literature became indicative of an advanced culture and are always correlated with advances in science, philosophy, theology, and art."
    "para": "At first we were silent, but finally we considered ourselves under the necessity of protesting against such an unjust and serious accusation, before the face of the whole of intellectual society."
    "para": "However, let us leave aside the philosophical, social, and economic aspects of the question. I do not wish to fatigue your attention. I must nevertheless point out that our profession very closely approaches the idea of that which is called art. Into it enter all the elements which go to form art - vocation, inspiration, fantasy, inventiveness, ambition, and a long and arduous apprenticeship to the science."
    "para": "I must nevertheless point out that our profession very closely approaches the idea of that which is called art. Into it enter all the elements which go to form art - vocation, inspiration, fantasy, inventiveness, ambition, and a long and arduous apprenticeship to the science."
    "para": "To an outsider's ear it sounds absurdly wild and ridiculous to speak of the vocation of a thief. However, I venture to assure you t hat this vocation is a reality."
    "para": "There are men who possess a peculiarly strong visual memory, sharpness and accuracy of eye, presence of mind, dexterity of hand, and above all a subtle sense of touch, who are as it were born into God's world for the sole and special purpose of becoming distinguished card-sharpers."
    "para": "The pickpockets' profession demands"
    "para": "Some have a positive vocation for breaking open safes: from their tenderest childhood they are attracted by the mysteries of every kind of complicated mechanism - bicycles, sewing machines, clock-work toys and watches. Finally, gentlemen, there are people with an hereditary animus against private property."
    "para": "Finally, gentlemen, there are people with an hereditary animus against private property. I tell you that you cannot entice a true thief, and thief by vocation, into the prose of honest vegetation by any gingerbread reward, or by the offer of a secure position, or by the gift of money, or by a woman's love: because there is here a permanent beauty of risk, a fascinating abyss of danger, the delightful sinking of the heart, the impetuous pulsation of life, the ecstasy!"
    "para": "You cannot entice a true thief, and thief by vocation, into the prose of honest vegetation by any gingerbread reward, or by the offer of a secure position, or by the gift of money, or by a woman's love: because there is here a permanent beauty of risk, a fascinating abyss of danger, the delightful sinking of the heart, the impetuous pulsation of life, the ecstasy!"
    "para": "There's a hole in the world like a great black pit. And the vermin of the world inhabit it. And its morals aren't worth what a pig could spit. And it goes by the name of London."
    "para": "Imagine this: Here we are, a plane full of grown human beings, many of us partially educated, and they're actually taking time out to describe the intricate workings of a belt buckle. Well, I ask for clarification at that point. \"Did you say 'Place the small metal flap into the buckle' or 'Place the buckle over and around the small metal flap'?"
    "para": "She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum. Brod discovered 613 sadnesses, each perfectly unique, each a singular emotion, no more similar to any other sadness than to anger, ecstasy, guilt, or frustration."
    "para": "She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum."
    "para": "You ask Raymond what he does for a living and he says, \"I breathe and walk and when I'm told to sit I sit and when I'm told to leave I leave and return home to luxuriate and think how much I despise them.\" He implies there is a correlation between his daily work and the drawings, which leads people to believe he is some type of an architect, but you suspect there is no place for him with even the most incompetent firm."
    "para": "He implies there is a correlation between his daily work and the drawings, which leads people to believe he is some type of an architect, but you suspect there is no place for him with even the most incompetent firm."
    "para": "Ideology: the process of making ideas. The work was generally performed in silence and solitude, since great care was needed in their manufacture. Certain artisans were chosen for this occupation at an early age and were trained in mental workhouses or asylums. They were known as idealists, and were expected to provide a fixed number of ideas to be exhibited or dramatised for the benefit of the public."
    "para": "Ideology: the process of making ideas. Certain artisans were chosen for this occupation at an early age and were trained in mental workhouses or asylums. They were known as idealists, and were expected to provide a fixed number of ideas to be exhibited or dramatised for the benefit of the public."
    "para": "It may seem quite novelistic to you, and I am willing to agree, but only on the condition that you refrain from reading such notions as \"fictive\", \"fabricated\", adn \"untrue to life\" in the word \"novelistic\". Because human lives are composed in precisely such a fashion."
    "para": "O clear intelligence, force beyond all measure! Gentlemen, I beg you to observe these girls: one has just now lost her mind; the other, it seems, has never had a mind at all."
    "para": "Although his voice was also broken by uncertainty and his hands seemed to doubt the existence of things, it was evident that he came from the world where men could still sleep and remember."
    "para": "It was evident that he came from the world where men could still sleep and remember."
    "para": "While you were sleeping, you tossed, you turned. You rolled your eyes as the world burned. The heavens fell, the earth quaked. I thought you must be, but you weren't awake."
    "para": "That fear had been inside him for many years, it had lived with him, it had been another shadow ever since the night he awoke, shaken by a bad dream, and realized that death was not only a permanent probability, as he has always believed, but an immediate reality."
    "para": "You just couldn't let me go, could you? This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object. You are truly incorruptible, aren't you? Huh? You won't kill me out of some misplaced sense of self-righteousness. And I won't kill you because you're just too much fun. I think you and I are destined to do this forever."
    "para": "You won't kill me out of some misplaced sense of self-righteousness. And I won't kill you because you're just too much fun. I think you and I are destined to do this forever."
    "para": "This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object."
    "para": "I've heard there was a secret chord that David played, and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music, do you? It goes like this: the fourth, the fifth, the minor fall, the major lift. The baffled king composing hallelujah."
    "para": "I've heard there was a secret chord that David played, and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music, do you?"
    "para": "Your faith was strong but you needed proof. You saw her bathing on the roof. Her beauty in the moonlight overthrew you. She tied you to a kitchen chair, she broke your throne she cut your hair and from your lips she drew the hallelujah."
    "para": "Your faith was strong but you needed proof. You saw her bathing on the roof. Her beauty in the moonlight overthrew you."
    "para": "I did my best, it wasn't much. I couldn't feel, so I tried to touch. I've told the truth, I didn't come to fool you. And even though it all went wrong I'll stand before the Lord of Song with nothing on my tongue but hallelujah."
    "para": "I did my best, it wasn't much. I couldn't feel, so I tried to touch. I've told the truth, I didn't come to fool you."
    "para": "I can already hear your tune calling me across the room. When the world and his wife are on my back again, not enough pleasure too much pain. When the world is too much with me, please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, please leave, just go now. In the sidestreet something's moving look around, look around. All around you walls are tumbling down. Stop staring at the ground."
    "para": "I can already hear your tune calling me across the room. When the world and his wife are on my back again, not enough pleasure too much pain. When the world is too much with me, please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, please leave, just go now."
    "para": "I can practically see your face and another revolutionary falls from grace. Hear the thunder in your brain. Not enough sunshine, too much rain."
    "para": "When the light of life has gone, no change for the meter. Then the king of spivs will come, selling blood by the litre. When nothing's sacred anymore, when the demon's knocking on your door, you'll still be staring down at the floor."
    "para": "Picking up the pieces, half alive in a nine 'til five, vacant eyes, is it any wonder? Primal scream at the TV screen, close your eyes. Now the world is too much with me. Please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, just leave, please go now."
    "para": "Not too many days from this day, not too many hours from this hour. So long? The storm comes, or is it just another shower?"
    "para": "And then he calls me a jerk and says the last guy who thought he was a jerk was dead now. So I don't say nothing and he says, \"What do ya think about that?\" So I says, \"Well, that don't sound like too good a deal for him then.\""
    "para": "So, I'm tending bar there at Ecklund & Swedlin's last Tuesday and this little guy's drinking and he says, \"So where can a guy find some action - I'm goin' crazy down there at the lake.\" And I says, \"What kinda action?\" and he says, \"Woman action, what do I look like?\" And I says, \"Well, what do I look like? I don't arrange that kinda thing.\""
    "para": "The recipe for turning fruit into wine goes something like this: 1. Pick a large quantity of ripe grapes from grapevines (you could substitute raspberries or any other fruit, but 99.9 percent of all the wine in the world is made from grapes, because they make the best wines). 2. Put the grapes into a clean container that doesn't leak. 3. Crush the grapes somehow to release their juice. (Once upon a time, feet performed this step). 4. Wait."
    "para": "You could substitute raspberries or any other fruit, but 99.9 percent of all the wine in the world is made from grapes, because they make the best wines."
    "para": "After the grapes are crushed, yeasts (tiny one-celled organisms that exist naturally in the vineyard and, therefore, on the grapes) come into contact with the sugar in the grapes' juice and gradually convert that sugar into alcohol."
    "para": "Your inner child will be happy to know that when it comes to wine, it's okay to like some colors more than others. You can't get away with saying \"I don't like green food!\" much beyond your sixth birthday, but you can express a general preference for white, red, or pink wine for all your adult life."
    "para": "You can't get away with saying \"I don't like green food!\" much beyond your sixth birthday, but you can express a general preference for white, red, or pink wine for all your adult life."
    "para": "Many wines have more than 14 percent alcohol because the winemaker added alcohol during or after the fermentation. That's an unusual way of making wine, but some parts of the world, like the Sherry region in Spain and the Port region in Portugal, have made quite a specialty of it. Dessert wine is the legal U.S. terminology for these wines, probably because they're usually sweet and often enjoyed after dinner."
    "para": "Sparkling wines are wines that contain carbon dioxide bubbles. Carbon dioxide gas is a natural byproduct of fermentation, and winemakers sometimes decide to trap it in the wine."
    "para": "Historically, most wines contained less than 14 percent alcohol - either because there wasn't enough sugar in the juice to attain a higher alcohol level, or because the yeasts died off when the alcohol reached 14 percent, halting the fermentation."
    "para": "The wine list looks so imposing that you finally give up laboring over it. You hand it back to the server and say (either a bit sheepishly, because you're acknowledging that you can't handle the list, or with defiant bravado, signifying that you're not going to waste your time on this nonsense), \"I'll just have a glass of white wine.\" Smart move or big mistake? We'd say, \"Mistake.\""
    "para": "The wine list looks so imposing that you finally give up laboring over it. You hand it back to the server and say, \"I'll just have a glass of white wine.\" Smart move or big mistake? We'd say, \"Mistake.\""
    "para": "Be impeccable with your word - speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love."
    "para": "Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love."
    "para": "Don't take anything personally - nothing others do is because of you. What others say and do is a projection of their own reality, their own dream. When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering."
    "para": "When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering."
    "para": "Don't make assumptions - find the courage to ask questions and to express what you really want. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life."
    "para": "Don't make assumptions. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life."
    "para": "Always do your best - your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret."
    "para": "Always do your best - your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best."
    "para": "But no matter how effective the lesson was, I never really used it after that. I didn't enjoy doing it that way. But it was interesting to know that things worked much differently from how I was brought up."
    "para": "She looked terrific. I said to myself, \"Maybe she's going to be in the Spanish class - that'll be great!\" But no, she walked into the Portuguese class. So I figured, what the hell - I might as well learn Portuguese. I started walking right after her when this Anglo-Saxon attitude that I have said, \"No, that's not a good reason to decide which language to speak.\" So I went back and signed up for the Spanish class, to my utter regret."
    "para": "She looked terrific. I said to myself, \"Maybe she's going to be in the Spanish class - that'll be great!\" But no, she walked into the Portuguese class. So I figured, what the hell - I might as well learn Portuguese."
    "para": "I'm so glad you came, I'm so glad you remembered, to see how we're ending our last dance together. Expectant, too punctual, but prettier than ever, I really believe that this time it's forever."
    "para": "But older than me now, more constant, more real, and the fur, and the mouth, and the innocence turned to hair and contentment that hangs in abasement - a woman now standing where once there was only a girl."
    "para": "I'm so glad you came, I'm so glad"
    "para": "I'm so glad you came, I'm so glad you remembered, to see how we're ending our last dance together. Reluctantly, cautiously, but prettier than ever - I really believe that this time it's forever."
    "para": "I've been looking so long at these pictures of you that I almost believe that they're real. I've been living so long with my pictures of you that I almost believe that the pictures are all I can feel."
    "para": "Remembering you running soft through the night. You were bigger and brighter and whiter than snow. And screamed at the make-believe, screamed at the sky, and you finally found all your courage to let it all go."
    "para": "Remembering you standing quiet in the rain as I ran to your heart to be near. And we kissed as the sky fell in holding you close how I always held close in your fear."
    "para": "We live in a charmed world. If we have money we can buy literally everything. And the majority of us live lifestyles undreamed of only a generation or two ago. One scientist I met recently told me he reckoned that the average household in Europe or North America has so many devices and such a variety of food and clothing that to produce the same lifestyle in Roman times would have required six thousand slaves."
    "para": "One scientist I met recently told me he reckoned that the average household in Europe or North America has so many devices and such a variety of food and clothing that to produce the same lifestyle in Roman times would have required six thousand slaves."
    "para": "We live in a charmed world. If we have money we can buy literally everything. And the majority of us live lifestyles undreamed of only a generation or two ago."
    "para": "Because most of the 150,000 tons of gold ever mined is still in circulation, the gold on my finger could have been mined in Persia six thousand years ago, or worn by Cleopatra."
    "para": "Groups of illegal miners smuggle themselves down in freight lifts. They stay below ground for months at a time, armed with pistols and homemade grenades, chiseling out ore and then grinding it and extracting the gold using mercury, just as poor gold miners do at the surface."
    "para": "This was the most delicious meal he'd had in recent years, and he picked up the shrimp and scallops one after another and swallowed them as if they did not require chewing. The snow peas were crisp, the bamboo shoots crunchy, and the portabella mushrooms succulent, perfectly done."
    "para": "This was the most delicious meal he'd had in recent years, and he picked up the shrimp and scallops one after another and swallowed them as if they did not require chewing."
    "para": "He started running, up and up, until he hurled himself into the air. As he was falling face down, somehow all the years of training in martial arts at once possessed him. His body instinctively adjusted itself and even his arms spread out, swinging to ensure that he wouldn't hurt himself fatally. With a thump his feet landed on the ground."
    "para": "Around midafternoon, the snow thinned into sleet, and some umbrellas appeared on Kissena Boulevard. When the green lights came on, pedestrians skirted or jumped across the puddles gathering at the curbs."
    "para": "When the green lights came on, pedestrians skirted or jumped across the puddles gathering at the curbs."
    "para": "Well I woke in mid-afternoon cause that's when it all hurts the most. I dream I never know anyone at the party and I'm always the host. If dreams are like movies, then memories are films about ghosts. You can never escape, you can only move south down the coast."
    "para": "Well I woke in mid-afternoon cause that's when it all hurts the most. I dream I never know anyone at the party and I'm always the host."
    "para": "There's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings. And there is always one last light to turn out and one last bell to ring. And the last one out of the circus has to lock up everything."
    "para": "There's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings."
    "para": "All the blue light reflections that color my mind when I sleep. And the lovesick rejections that accompany the company I keep. All the razor perceptions that cut just a little too deep. Hey I can bleed as well as anyone, but I need someone to help me sleep."
    "para": "With no map to navigate one's life, some of us have stood stock-still. In such a world of confused roles, time lines, and expectations, the simplest decisions could sometimes become problematic. Forget figuring out how to chart a career and start a family; some of us, like the characters on Seinfeld, couldn't figure out how to go to the movies."
    "para": "With no map to navigate one's life, some of us have stood stock-still. In such a world of confused roles, time lines, and expectations, the simplest decisions could sometimes become problematic."
    "para": "They knew the were privileged to have these choices, but they also knew the stakes were high. These people were asking the big questions: How do I find meaning in my life? Should I have children? What is the most meaningful way to connect with other people? How should I balance my work life with my personal life (and is there a distinction anymore)?"
    "para": "A total of twenty-five friends were headed from San Francisco across the Sierra toward our rendezvous in the Black Rock Desert that day. Significantly absent among them was Julia, my girlfriend at the time. We were all in our late twenties or early-to-middle thirties, yet none had found brides or husbands. Although we were all older than our parents were when they had us, the idea of having children ourselves still seemed a far-off abstraction."
    "para": "We were all in our late twenties or early-to-middle thirties, yet none had found brides or husbands. Although we were all older than our parents were when they had us, the idea of having children ourselves still seemed a far-off abstraction."
    "para": "There are very few things I wish I could change about those two decades, but there are many things I wish I had known. I wish I had known, for instance, that such a long period of being single was in the cards for me. I also wish I'd known earlier that such a delay was not abnormal among my generation."
    "para": "There are very few things I wish I could change about those two decades, but there are many things I wish I had known."
    "para": "I was long into my second decade of living single before I came to see my friends in the city for what they were: my personal community, my urban tribe."
    "para": "One day you're in a funk about things, telling a friend that years of evidence point to the conclusion that you will be single for the rest of your life. That night you meet someone, and a year later you're engaged to be married. That this very scenario happened to me is likely of little comfort to those still wondering about their future."
    "para": "One day you're in a funk about things, telling a friend that years of evidence point to the conclusion that you will be single for the rest of your life. That night you meet someone, and a year later you're engaged to be married."
    "para": "To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties. The visual disparity was as dramatic. On one side of the bay was a day so bright you'd have to squint with the visor down and your sunglasses on. Halfway across the Bay Bridge the fog enveloped us, whipping in strands through the rusted girders. As we crossed into the fog, it didn't seem possible that two such environments could exist side by side."
    "para": "To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties. The visual disparity was as dramatic. On one side of the bay was a day so bright you'd have to squint with the visor down and your sunglasses on. As we crossed into the fog, it didn't seem possible that two such environments could exist side by side."
    "para": "To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties."
    "para": "To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet."
    "para": "So it's all come back round to breaking apart again. Breaking apart like I'm made up of glass again. Making it up behind my back again. Holding my breath for the fear of sleep again. Holding it up behind my head again. Cut in deep to the heart of the bone again. Round and round and round and it's coming apart again. Over and over and over."
    "para": "So it's all come back round to breaking apart again. Breaking apart like I'm made up of glass again."
    "para": "Now that I know that I'm breaking to pieces, I'll pull out my heart and I'll feed it to anyone. Crying for sympathy, crocodiles cry for the love of the crowd and the free cheers from everyone. Dropping through sky, through the glass of the roof, through the roof of your mouth, through the mouth of your eye, through the eye of the needle, it's easier for me to get closer to heaven than ever feel whole again."
    "para": "Dropping through sky, through the glass of the roof, through the roof of your mouth, through the mouth of your eye, through the eye of the needle, it's easier for me to get closer to heaven than ever feel whole again."
    "para": "I never said I would stay to the end - I knew I would leave you with babies and everything. Screaming like this in the hole of sincerity, screaming me over and over and over. I leave you with photographs, pictures of trickery, and stains on the carpet, stains on the memory, and songs about happiness murmured in dreams, when we both of us knew how the end always is."
    "para": "I leave you with photographs, pictures of trickery, and stains on the carpet, stains on the memory, and songs about happiness murmured in dreams, when we both of us knew how the end always is."
    "para": "Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around. Come loose your dogs upon me and let your hair hang down. You are a little mystery to me every time you come around. We talk about it all night long, we define our moral ground. But when I crawl into your arms everything comes tumbling down."
    "para": "Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around."
    "para": "Your face has fallen sad now, for you know the time is nigh. But when I must remove your wings and you, you must try to fly. Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around."
    "para": "Mac knew the score even if Aunt Ella didn't. Shot through the left lung and that was that, as they say. Believe it was that night. She buried him the next mornin. Diggin in that hard caliche. What you got ain't nothin new. This country is hard on people. Hard and crazy. Got the devil in it yet folks never seem to hold it to account."
    "para": "This country is hard on people. Hard and crazy. Got the devil in it yet folks never seem to hold it to account."
    "para": "Had dreams. Two of 'em. Both had my father. It's peculiar. I'm older now'n he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man. Anyway, first one I don't remember so well but it was about money and I think I lost it. The second one, it was like we was both back in older times and I was on horseback goin' through the mountains of a night. Goin' through this pass in the mountains. It was cold and snowin, hard ridin. Hard country."
    "para": "Had dreams. Two of 'em. Both had my father. It's peculiar. I'm older now'n he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man. Anyway, first one I don't remember so well but it was about money and I think I lost it. The second one, it was like we was both back in older times and I was on horseback goin' through the mountains of a night."
    "para": "Had dreams. Two of 'em. Both had my father. It's peculiar. I'm older now'n he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man."
    "para": "He rode past me and kept on goin'. Never said nothin' goin' by. He just rode on past and he had his blanket wrapped around him and his head down. And when he rode past I seen he was carryin' fire in a horn the way people used to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it. About the color of the moon. And in the dream I knew that he was goin' on ahead and that he was fixin' to make a fire somewhere out there in all that dark and all that cold, and I knew that whenever I got there he would be there. Out there up ahead."
    "para": "And when he rode past I seen he was carryin' fire in a horn the way people used to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it. About the color of the moon. And in the dream I knew that he was goin' on ahead and that he was fixin' to make a fire somewhere out there in all that dark and all that cold, and I knew that whenever I got there he would be there. Out there up ahead."
    "para": "And in the dream I knew that he was goin' on ahead and that he was fixin' to make a fire somewhere out there in all that dark and all that cold, and I knew that whenever I got there he would be there. Out there up ahead."
    "para": "And when he rode past I seen he was carryin' fire in a horn the way people used to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it. About the color of the moon."
    "para": "I believe in love, and I know that you do too. And I believe in some kind of path that we can walk down, me and you. So keep your candles burning and make her journey bright and pure."
    "para": "I don't believe in an interventionist God, but I know, darling, that you do. But if I did I would kneel down and ask him not to intervene when it came to you. Not to touch a hair on your head, to leave you as you are, and if he felt he had to direct you, then direct you into my arms."
    "para": "I don't believe in an interventionist God, but I know, darling, that you do. But if I did I would kneel down and ask him not to intervene when it came to you."
    "para": "And I don't believe in the"
    "para": "And I don't believe in the existence of angels but looking at you I wonder if that's true. But if I did I would summon them together, and ask them to watch over you."
    "para": "Having endured the racial turmoil of the Civil Rights Movement without the overt violent conflict that haunted some of its southern neighbors, Atlanta was a city obsessed with economic progress. Just as editor Henry Grady had looked north for investment and support in the wake of the Civil War, the city's newest generation of boosters saw international dollars as the future for Atlanta."
    "para": "Having endured the racial turmoil of the Civil Rights Movement without the overt violent conflict that haunted some of its southern neighbors, the Atlanta of the 1970s was a city obsessed with economic progress, and it would undergo tremendous expansion in the last decades of the twentieth century."
    "para": "Glancing through the 1977 Atlanta Yellow Pages reveals a city that had yet to be transformed by the proliferation of ethnic food: only ninety-two out of approximately fifteen hundred restaurants could be classified as non-American."
    "para": "With forty-six Chinese, fourteen Japanese, eighteen Mexican, and only two Thai restaurants, Atlanta was a city still characterized by \"all-American\" food."
    "para": "Grits and fried chicken won't disappear, but perhaps future southerners will enjoy them with a side of rice noodles or enchilada sauce."
    "para": "Historian James C. Cobb has described southern identity as \"not a story of continuity versus change, but continuity within change.\" Grits and fried chicken won't disappear, but perhaps future southerners will enjoy them with a side of rice noodles or enchilada sauce."
    "para": "As customers of all races, nationalities, and cultures visit the Dekalb Farmers Market by the thousands, I doubt that many stand in awe and contemplate the meaning of its existence. But in the capital of the Sunbelt South, the quiet revolution of immigration and food continues to upset and redefine the meanings of local, regional, and global identity."
    "para": "In the capital of the Sunbelt South, the quiet revolution of immigration and food continues to upset and redefine the meanings of local, regional, and global identity."
    "para": "It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright. Later I watched for this effect on similar bright days but never again experienced it. I wondered then if it had been a seizure, or stroke of some kind."
    "para": "It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright. Later I watched for this effect on similar bright days but never again experienced it."
    "para": "It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright."
    "para": "It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling, a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright."
    "para": "Air-conditioned, odorless, illuminated by buzzing fluorescent tubes, the American supermarket doesn't present itself as having very much to do with Nature. And yet what is this place if not a landscape (manmade, it's true) teeming with plants and animals?"
    "para": "When I was a kid, you never saw radicchio in the produce section, or a half dozen different kinds of mushrooms, or kiwis and passion fruit and durians and mangoes. Indeed, in the last few years a whole catalog of exotic species from the tropics has colonized, and considerably enlivened, the produce department."
    "para": "When I was a kid, you never saw radicchio in the produce section, or a half dozen different kinds of mushrooms, or kiwis and passion fruit and durians and mangoes."
    "para": "As the netted bag says, this potato was grown in Idaho, that onion came from a farm in Texas. Move over to Meat, though, and the chain grows longer and less comprehensible: The label doesn't mention that that rib-eye steak came from a steer born in South Dakota and fattened in a Kansas feedlot on grain grown in Iowa."
    "para": "The label doesn't mention that that rib-eye steak came from a steer born in South Dakota and fattened in a Kansas feedlot on grain grown in Iowa."
    "para": "Once you get into the processed foods you have to be a fairly determined ecological detective to follow the intricate and increasingly obscure lines of connection linking the Twinkie, or the nondairy creamer, to a plant growing in the earth some place, but it can be done."
    "para": "You have to be a fairly determined ecological detective to follow the intricate and increasingly obscure lines of connection linking the Twinkie to a plant growing in the earth some place."
    "para": "The great edifice of variety and choice that is an American supermarket turns out to rest on a remarkably narrow biological foundation comprised of a tiny group of plants that is dominated by a single species: Zea mays, the giant tropical grass most Americans know as corn."
    "para": "And though my journeys did take me to a great many states, and covered a great many miles, at the very end of these food chains (which is to say, at the very beginning), I invariably found myself in almost exactly the same place: a farm field in the American Corn Belt."
    "para": "At the very end of these food chains (which is to say, at the very beginning), I invariably found myself in almost exactly the same place: a farm field in the American Corn Belt."
    "para": "Corn is what feeds the steer that becomes the steak. Corn feeds the chicken and the pig, the turkey and the lamb, the catfish and the tilapia and, increasingly, even the salmon, a carnivore by nature that the fish farmers are reengineering to tolerate corn. The eggs are made of corn. The milk and cheese and yogurt, which once came from dairy cows that grazed on grass, now typically come from cows that spend their working lives indoors tethered to machines, eating corn."
    "para": "The milk and cheese and yogurt, which once came from dairy cows that grazed on grass, now typically come from cows that spend their working lives indoors tethered to machines, eating corn."
    "para": "To wash down your chicken nuggets with virtually any soft drink in the supermarket is to have some corn with your corn. Since the 1980s virtually all the sodas and most of the fruit drinks sold in the supermarket have been sweetened with high-fructose corn syrup."
    "para": "To wash down your chicken nuggets with virtually any soft drink in the supermarket is to have some corn with your corn."
    "para": "Since the 1980s virtually all the sodas and most of the fruit drinks sold in the supermarket have been sweetened with high-fructose corn syrup. Grab a beer for your beverage instead and you'd still be drinking corn, in the form of alcohol fermented from glucose refined from corn. Read the ingredients on the label of any processed food and, provided you know the chemical names it travels under, corn is what you will find."
    "para": "It takes more than a calorie of"
    "para": "It takes more than a calorie of fossil fuel energy to produce a calorie of food. From the standpoint of industrial efficiency, it's too bad we can't simply drink the petroleum directly."
    "para": "Imagine for a moment if we once again knew these few unremarkable things: What it is we're eating. Where it came from. How it found its way to our table. And what, in a true accounting, it really cost. We would no longer need any reminding that however we choose to feed ourselves, we eat by the grace of nature, not industry, and what we're eating is never anything more or less than the body of the world."
    "para": "However we choose to feed ourselves, we eat by the grace of nature, not industry, and what we're eating is never anything more or less than the body of the world."
    "para": "Danger is a topic you're often asked about as a sprinter. The common perception is that the final 200 meters of a Tour stage are the most dangerous and the most frightening. That might be half right, but while it may hold true that the final few seconds of a bike race are fastest and apparently chaotic, at 70 kph and 200 heartbeats per minute, there's simply no time for anxiety. Adrenaline, yes, Instinct, sure. But fear, no."
    "para": "While it may hold true that the final few seconds of a bike race are fastest and apparently chaotic, at 70 kph and 200 heartbeats per minute, there's simply no time for anxiety. Adrenaline, yes, Instinct, sure. But fear, no."
    "para": "While it may hold true that the final few seconds of a bike race are fastest and apparently chaotic, at 70 kph and 200 heartbeats per minute, there's simply no time for anxiety."
    "para": "Pulp: 1. A soft, moist, shapeless mass or matter. 2. A magazine or book containing lurid subject matter and being characteristically printed on rough, unfinished paper."
    "para": "Pulp: a soft, moist, shapeless mass or matter."
    "para": "This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic people who thought their bods aged like wine. If you mean it turns to vinegar, it does. If you mean it gets better with age, it don't. Besides Butch, how many fights you think you got left in you anyway? Two? Boxers don't have an old timer's pension. You came close, but you never made it, and if you were gonna make it, you woulda made it by now."
    "para": "This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic people who thought their bods aged like wine. If you mean it turns to vinegar, it does. If you mean it gets better with age, it don't. Boxers don't have an old timer's pension."
    "para": "This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic people who thought their bods aged like wine. If you mean it turns to vinegar, it does. If you mean it gets better with age, it don't."
    "para": "You came close, but you never made it, and if you were gonna make it, you woulda made it by now."
    "para": "I think you're gonna find - when all this stuff is over and done - I think you're gonna find yourself one smiling guy. Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last. Now that's a hard fact of life, but it's a fact of life you're gonna have to get realistic about."
    "para": "I think you're gonna find - when all this stuff is over and done - I think you're gonna find yourself one smiling guy."
    "para": "Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last. Now that's a hard fact of life, but it's a fact of life you're gonna have to get realistic about."
    "para": "Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last."
    "para": "I'll miss the sea, but a person needs new experiences. They jar something deep inside, allowing him to grow. Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken."
    "para": "I'll miss the sea, but a person needs new experiences. Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens."
    "para": "I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when my fear is gone I will turn and face fear's path, and only I will remain."
    "para": "I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear."
    "para": "It is by will alone I set my mind in motion. It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed, the lips acquire stains, the stains become a warning. It is by will alone I set my mind in motion."
    "para": "I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry. I make about sixteen thousand, with retirement benefits that ain't worth a damn. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I gotta start all over again, but I got nothing to start over with."
    "para": "I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I gotta start all over again, but I got nothing to start over with."
    "para": "I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry."
    "para": "In most cases, there is more to be gained by maximizing the performance of the driver than tricking out the car. The most important factor is the driver, the ultimate control system of a race car."
    "para": "In most cases, there is more to be gained by maximizing the performance of the driver than tricking out the car."
    "para": "If you want to drive a race car well, whether to win an Indy car race or just have fun competing in the middle of the pack in an amateur race, you must be seated properly in the car. First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tiring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost simply because a driver lost concentration due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat."
    "para": "First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tiring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost simply because a driver lost concentration due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat."
    "para": "First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tiring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat."
    "para": "Being comfortable in the car is critical. If you're not comfortable, it will not only take more physical energy to drive, but it will also affect you mentally. A painful body will reduce your concentration level."
    "para": "I often see racers, particularly at the back of the pack in amateur races, trying to go fast, with their arms flailing around, banging off shifts, jerking the steering into a turn with feet stabbing at the pedals - the car usually in massive slides through the turns. It may feel as fast and even look fast, but I'll guarantee it's not. If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, \"never confuse movement for action.\""
    "para": "I often see racers, particularly at the back of the pack in amateur races, trying to go fast, with their arms flailing around, banging off shifts, jerking the steering into a turn with feet stabbing at the pedals. If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, \"never confuse movement for action.\""
    "para": "If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, \"never confuse movement for action.\""
    "para": "The less you do with the controls, the less chance of error. Steer, shift, and use the pedals smoothly, and with finesse - not with blinding speed and brute force. The slower you move, the faster the car moves."
    "para": "The less you do with the controls, the less chance of error. The slower you move, the faster the car moves."
    "para": "Sometimes you concentrate more on racing the cars around you, rather than focusing on what you need to do. Having said that, some drivers actually perform best when there is a little extra incentive - like chasing another car. But be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing. Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition."
    "para": "Some drivers actually perform best when there is a little extra incentive - like chasing another car. But be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing. Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition."
    "para": "Be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing. Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition."
    "para": "Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the wall or the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough. You won't drive a smooth, flowing line if you don't look far ahead. Looking well ahead, and concentrating on getting to where I'm looking, seems to really help me."
    "para": "Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the wall or the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough. You won't drive a smooth, flowing line if you don't look far ahead."
    "para": "Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough."
    "para": "We often believe the more we practice a skill or technique - over and over again, many times - the better we'll get. This is not necessarily true. In fact, every time you practice a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. It's easy to become very experienced at repeating the same mistakes. Practice doesn't make perfect; only perfect practice makes perfect."
    "para": "Every time you practice a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. It's easy to become very experienced at repeating the same mistakes. Practice doesn't make perfect; only perfect practice makes perfect."
    "para": "Every time you practice a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. Practice doesn't make perfect; only perfect practice makes perfect."
    "para": "Don't practice too much at first, or you're likely to develop incorrect patterns or movements. Instead, begin with a few laps, maintaing intense concentration and motivation. If you begin to repeat an error, or if your concentration or attention starts to fade, if you start to become casual, then stop. Clear your head, get your concentration and motivation back, then go again."
    "para": "If you begin to repeat an error, or if your concentration or attention starts to fade, if you start to become casual, then stop. Clear your head, get your concentration and motivation back, then go again."
    "para": "Don't practice too much at first, or you're likely to develop incorrect patterns or movements."
    "para": "Races are not won in the first corner; however, they are often lost there. It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace - all the while ready to take advantage of any opportunity to pass. Never turn down an opportunity to pass - you may not get it again."
    "para": "Races are not won in the first corner; however, they are often lost there. It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace - all the while ready to take advantage of any opportunity to pass."
    "para": "Races are not won in the first corner; however, they are often lost there. It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace."
    "para": "It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace."
    "para": "Never give up. Most races are decided in the last 10 percent of the race."
    "para": "Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you. Keep pushing until the checkered flag falls. How many times have you seen the leader of a race have a mechanical problem with only a few laps to go? You will never be able to take advantage of their problems if you are not close. You have to be close to take advantage of luck."
    "para": "How many times have you seen the leader of a race have a mechanical problem with only a few laps to go? You will never be able to take advantage of their problems if you are not close. You have to be close to take advantage of luck."
    "para": "Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you. Keep pushing until the checkered flag falls."
    "para": "Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you."
    "para": "When she returns to the forum page, her post is there. It is a way now, approximately, of being at home. The forum has become one of the most consistent places in her life, like a familiar cafe that exists somehow outside of geography and beyond time zones."
    "para": "The forum has become one of the most consistent places in her life, like a familiar cafe that exists somehow outside of geography and beyond time zones."
    "para": "There are perhaps twenty regular posters on the forum, and some much larger and uncounted number of lurkers. And right now there are three people in chat, but there's no way of knowing exactly who until you are in there, and the chat room she finds not so comforting. It's strange even with friends, like sitting in a pitch-dark cellar conversing with people a distance of about fifteen feet."
    "para": "The chat room she finds not so comforting. It's strange even with friends, like sitting in a pitch-dark cellar conversing with people a distance of about fifteen feet. The hectic speed, and the brevity of the lines in the thread, plus the feeling that everyone is talking at once, at counter-purposes, deter her."
    "para": "Right now there are three people in chat, but there's no way of knowing exactly who until you are in there, and the chat room she finds not so comforting."
    "para": "There are perhaps twenty regular posters on the forum, and some much larger and uncounted number of lurkers."
    "para": "The hectic speed, and the brevity of the lines in the thread, plus the feeling that everyone is talking at once, at counter-purposes, deter her."
    "para": "How do I live without the ones I love? Time still turns the pages of the book it's burned. Place and time always on my mind. I have so much to say but you're so far away."
    "para": "I've been thinking lots about my life and how quick I'd wash it down the drain. Past tense, the future, nothing matters now. I act on my own and I'm to blame. Living's a wicked dream, where things turn out all wrong. We're all so weak, no matter how strong."
    "para": "I've been thinking lots about my life and how quick I'd wash it down the drain. Past tense, the future, nothing matters now. I act on my own and I'm to blame."
    "para": "Ultimately, this is not about solving your problems. It's about realizing that there are no problems. Only situations - to be dealt with now, or to be left alone and accepted as part of the \"isness\" of the present moment until they change or can be dealt with."
    "para": "It's about realizing that there are no problems. Only situations - to be dealt with now, or to be left alone and accepted as part of the \"isness\" of the present moment until they change or can be dealt with."
    "para": "Problems are mind-made and need time to survive. They cannot survive in the actuality of the Now."
    "para": "Focus your attention on the Now and tell me what problem you have at this moment. I am not getting any answer because it is impossible to have a problem when your attention is fully in the Now. A situation that needs to be either dealt with or accepted - yes."
    "para": "Focus your attention on the Now and tell me what problem you have at this moment. I am not getting any answer because it is impossible to have a problem when your attention is fully in the Now."
    "para": "Buddhism addresses two major types of meditation. Vipassana can be translated as \"insight,\" a clear awareness of exactly what is happening as it happens. Samatha can be translated as \"concentration\" or \"tranquility\". It is a state in which the mind is brought to rest, focused only on one item and not allowed to wander."
    "para": "Samatha is a state in which the mind is brought to rest, focused only on one item and not allowed to wander. When this is done, a deep calm pervades body and mind, a state of tranquility which must be experienced to be understood."
    "para": "When the mind is brought to rest and not allowed to wander, a deep calm pervades body and mind, a state of tranquility which must be experienced to be understood."
    "para": "A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again. He watched sleepily the flakes, silver and dark, falling obliquely against the lamplight. The time had come for him to set out on his journey westward."
    "para": "A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again. He watched sleepily the flakes, silver and dark, falling obliquely against the lamplight."
    "para": "A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again."
    "para": "His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead."
    "para": "I'm unpredictable, I never know where I'm going until I get there, I'm so random, I'm always growing, learning, changing, I'm never the same person twice. But one thing you can be sure of about me; is I will always do exactly what I want to do."
    "para": "You are the shuckiest shuck faced shuck in the world!"
    "para": "That proves you are unusual, returned the Scarecrow; and I am convinced that the only people worthy of consideration in this world are the unusual ones. For the common folks are like the leaves of a tree, and live and die unnoticed."
    "para": "But that was life: Nobody got a guided tour to their own theme park. You had to hop on the rides as they presented themselves, never knowing whether you would like the one you were in line for...or if the bastard was going to make you throw up your corn dog and your cotton candy all over the place."
    "para": "Flirtation doesn't have to go somewhere; it certainly doesn't need to end up in bed. I like to think of it as a little friendlier than a handshake, a little less intimate than a kiss. It's a way of saying hi, you look great, have a wonderful day. A tasteful flirtation, played out people who understand the rules, leave everyone feeling good and can perk up the bluest mood."
    "para": "After a long moment I closed the freezer door. I wanted to lie down and press my cheek against the cool linoleum. Instead I reached out with my little finger and flipped the Barbie's head. It went thack thack against the door. I flipped it again. Thack thack. Whee. I had a new hobby."
